Speaker,Line,Labels,tokenized
clinton," How are you, Donald? ",1,donald
clinton," Well, thank you, Lester, and thanks to Hofstra for hosting us. ",1,well thank lester thanks hofstra hosting
clinton,"The central question in this election is really what kind of country we want to be and what kind of future we'll build together. Today is my granddaughter's second birthday, so I think about this a lot. First, we have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That means we need new jobs, good jobs, with rising incomes. ",1,central question election really kind country want kind future well build together
clinton,"The central question in this election is really what kind of country we want to be and what kind of future we'll build together. Today is my granddaughter's second birthday, so I think about this a lot. First, we have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That means we need new jobs, good jobs, with rising incomes. ",1,today granddaughters second birthday think lot
clinton,"The central question in this election is really what kind of country we want to be and what kind of future we'll build together. Today is my granddaughter's second birthday, so I think about this a lot. First, we have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That means we need new jobs, good jobs, with rising incomes. ",1,first build economy works everyone top
clinton,"The central question in this election is really what kind of country we want to be and what kind of future we'll build together. Today is my granddaughter's second birthday, so I think about this a lot. First, we have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That means we need new jobs, good jobs, with rising incomes. ",1,means need new jobs good jobs rising incomes
clinton,"I want us to invest in you. I want us to invest in your future. That means jobs in infrastructure, in advanced manufacturing, innovation and technology, clean, renewable energy, and small business, because most of the new jobs will come from small business. We also have to make the economy fairer. That starts with raising the national minimum wage and also guarantee, finally, equal pay for women's work. ",1,want invest
clinton,"I want us to invest in you. I want us to invest in your future. That means jobs in infrastructure, in advanced manufacturing, innovation and technology, clean, renewable energy, and small business, because most of the new jobs will come from small business. We also have to make the economy fairer. That starts with raising the national minimum wage and also guarantee, finally, equal pay for women's work. ",1,want invest future
clinton,"I want us to invest in you. I want us to invest in your future. That means jobs in infrastructure, in advanced manufacturing, innovation and technology, clean, renewable energy, and small business, because most of the new jobs will come from small business. We also have to make the economy fairer. That starts with raising the national minimum wage and also guarantee, finally, equal pay for women's work. ",1,means jobs infrastructure advanced manufacturing innovation technology clean renewable energy small business new jobs come small business
clinton,"I want us to invest in you. I want us to invest in your future. That means jobs in infrastructure, in advanced manufacturing, innovation and technology, clean, renewable energy, and small business, because most of the new jobs will come from small business. We also have to make the economy fairer. That starts with raising the national minimum wage and also guarantee, finally, equal pay for women's work. ",1,also make economy fairer
clinton,"I want us to invest in you. I want us to invest in your future. That means jobs in infrastructure, in advanced manufacturing, innovation and technology, clean, renewable energy, and small business, because most of the new jobs will come from small business. We also have to make the economy fairer. That starts with raising the national minimum wage and also guarantee, finally, equal pay for women's work. ",1,starts raising national minimum wage also guarantee finally equal pay womens work
clinton," I also want to see more companies do profit-sharing. If you help create the profits, you should be able to share in them, not just the executives at the top.",1,also want see companies profit sharing
clinton," I also want to see more companies do profit-sharing. If you help create the profits, you should be able to share in them, not just the executives at the top.",1,help create profits able share executives top
clinton,"And I want us to do more to support people who are struggling to balance family and work. I've heard from so many of you about the difficult choices you face and the stresses that you're under. So let's have paid family leave, earned sick days. Let's be sure we have affordable child care and debt-free college. ",1,want support people struggling balance family work
clinton,"And I want us to do more to support people who are struggling to balance family and work. I've heard from so many of you about the difficult choices you face and the stresses that you're under. So let's have paid family leave, earned sick days. Let's be sure we have affordable child care and debt-free college. ",1,ive heard many difficult choices face stresses youre
clinton,"And I want us to do more to support people who are struggling to balance family and work. I've heard from so many of you about the difficult choices you face and the stresses that you're under. So let's have paid family leave, earned sick days. Let's be sure we have affordable child care and debt-free college. ",1,lets paid family leave earned sick days
clinton,"And I want us to do more to support people who are struggling to balance family and work. I've heard from so many of you about the difficult choices you face and the stresses that you're under. So let's have paid family leave, earned sick days. Let's be sure we have affordable child care and debt-free college. ",1,lets sure affordable child care debt free college
clinton,How are we going to do it? We're going to do it by having the wealthy pay their fair share and close the corporate loopholes. ,1,going
clinton,How are we going to do it? We're going to do it by having the wealthy pay their fair share and close the corporate loopholes. ,1,going wealthy pay fair share close corporate loopholes
clinton,"Finally, we tonight are on the stage together, Donald Trump and I. Donald, it's good to be with you. We're going to have a debate where we are talking about the important issues facing our country. You have to judge us, who can shoulder the immense, awesome responsibilities of the presidency, who can put into action the plans that will make your life better. I hope that I will be able to earn your vote on November 8th. ",1,finally tonight stage together donald trump donald good
clinton,"Finally, we tonight are on the stage together, Donald Trump and I. Donald, it's good to be with you. We're going to have a debate where we are talking about the important issues facing our country. You have to judge us, who can shoulder the immense, awesome responsibilities of the presidency, who can put into action the plans that will make your life better. I hope that I will be able to earn your vote on November 8th. ",1,going debate talking important issues facing country
clinton,"Finally, we tonight are on the stage together, Donald Trump and I. Donald, it's good to be with you. We're going to have a debate where we are talking about the important issues facing our country. You have to judge us, who can shoulder the immense, awesome responsibilities of the presidency, who can put into action the plans that will make your life better. I hope that I will be able to earn your vote on November 8th. ",1,judge shoulder immense awesome responsibilities presidency put action plans make life better
clinton,"Finally, we tonight are on the stage together, Donald Trump and I. Donald, it's good to be with you. We're going to have a debate where we are talking about the important issues facing our country. You have to judge us, who can shoulder the immense, awesome responsibilities of the presidency, who can put into action the plans that will make your life better. I hope that I will be able to earn your vote on November 8th. ",1,hope able earn vote november 8th
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,thank lester
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,jobs fleeing country
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,theyre going mexico
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,theyre going many countries
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,look china country terms making product
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,theyre devaluing currency theres nobody government fight
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,good fight
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,winning fight
trump," Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ",0,theyre using country piggy bank rebuild china many countries thing
trump,"So we're losing our good jobs, so many of them. When you look at what's happening in Mexico, a friend of mine who builds plants said it's the eighth wonder of the world. They're building some of the biggest plants anywhere in the world, some of the most sophisticated, some of the best plants. With the United States, as he said, not so much. ",0,losing good jobs many
trump,"So we're losing our good jobs, so many of them. When you look at what's happening in Mexico, a friend of mine who builds plants said it's the eighth wonder of the world. They're building some of the biggest plants anywhere in the world, some of the most sophisticated, some of the best plants. With the United States, as he said, not so much. ",0,look whats happening mexico friend mine builds plants said eighth wonder world
trump,"So we're losing our good jobs, so many of them. When you look at what's happening in Mexico, a friend of mine who builds plants said it's the eighth wonder of the world. They're building some of the biggest plants anywhere in the world, some of the most sophisticated, some of the best plants. With the United States, as he said, not so much. ",0,theyre building biggest plants anywhere world sophisticated best plants
trump,"So we're losing our good jobs, so many of them. When you look at what's happening in Mexico, a friend of mine who builds plants said it's the eighth wonder of the world. They're building some of the biggest plants anywhere in the world, some of the most sophisticated, some of the best plants. With the United States, as he said, not so much. ",0,united states said much
trump,"So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They're all leaving. And we can't allow it to happen anymore. As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but perhaps we'll be talking about that later. ",0,ford leaving
trump,"So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They're all leaving. And we can't allow it to happen anymore. As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but perhaps we'll be talking about that later. ",0,see small car division leaving
trump,"So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They're all leaving. And we can't allow it to happen anymore. As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but perhaps we'll be talking about that later. ",0,thousands jobs leaving michigan leaving ohio
trump,"So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They're all leaving. And we can't allow it to happen anymore. As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but perhaps we'll be talking about that later. ",0,theyre leaving
trump,"So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They're all leaving. And we can't allow it to happen anymore. As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but perhaps we'll be talking about that later. ",0,cant allow happen anymore
trump,"So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They're all leaving. And we can't allow it to happen anymore. As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but perhaps we'll be talking about that later. ",0,far child care concerned many things think hillary agree
trump,"So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They're all leaving. And we can't allow it to happen anymore. As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we're going to do, but perhaps we'll be talking about that later. ",0,probably disagree little bit numbers amounts going perhaps well talking later
trump,"But we have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. All you have to do is take a look at Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. They left -- fired 1,400 people. They're going to Mexico. So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this. ",0,stop jobs stolen
trump,"But we have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. All you have to do is take a look at Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. They left -- fired 1,400 people. They're going to Mexico. So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this. ",0,stop companies leaving united states firing people
trump,"But we have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. All you have to do is take a look at Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. They left -- fired 1,400 people. They're going to Mexico. So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this. ",0,take look carrier air conditioning indianapolis
trump,"But we have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. All you have to do is take a look at Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. They left -- fired 1,400 people. They're going to Mexico. So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this. ",0,left fired 1400 people
trump,"But we have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. All you have to do is take a look at Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. They left -- fired 1,400 people. They're going to Mexico. So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this. ",0,theyre going mexico
trump,"But we have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. All you have to do is take a look at Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. They left -- fired 1,400 people. They're going to Mexico. So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this. ",0,many hundreds hundreds companies
trump," We cannot let it happen. Under my plan, I'll be reducing taxes tremendously, from 35 percent to 15 percent for companies, small and big businesses. That's going to be a job creator like we haven't seen since Ronald Reagan. It's going to be a beautiful thing to watch.",0,cannot let happen
trump," We cannot let it happen. Under my plan, I'll be reducing taxes tremendously, from 35 percent to 15 percent for companies, small and big businesses. That's going to be a job creator like we haven't seen since Ronald Reagan. It's going to be a beautiful thing to watch.",0,plan ill reducing taxes tremendously 35 percent 15 percent companies small big businesses
trump," We cannot let it happen. Under my plan, I'll be reducing taxes tremendously, from 35 percent to 15 percent for companies, small and big businesses. That's going to be a job creator like we haven't seen since Ronald Reagan. It's going to be a beautiful thing to watch.",0,going job creator like havent seen since ronald reagan
trump," We cannot let it happen. Under my plan, I'll be reducing taxes tremendously, from 35 percent to 15 percent for companies, small and big businesses. That's going to be a job creator like we haven't seen since Ronald Reagan. It's going to be a beautiful thing to watch.",0,going beautiful thing watch
trump,"Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs. ",0,companies come
trump,"Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs. ",0,build
trump,"Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs. ",0,expand
trump,"Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs. ",0,new companies start
trump,"Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs. ",0,look much forward
trump,"Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs. ",0,renegotiate trade deals stop countries stealing companies jobs
clinton," Well, I think that trade is an important issue. Of course, we are 5 percent of the world's population; we have to trade with the other 95 percent. And we need to have smart, fair trade deals. ",1,well think trade important issue
clinton," Well, I think that trade is an important issue. Of course, we are 5 percent of the world's population; we have to trade with the other 95 percent. And we need to have smart, fair trade deals. ",1,course 5 percent worlds population trade 95 percent
clinton," Well, I think that trade is an important issue. Of course, we are 5 percent of the world's population; we have to trade with the other 95 percent. And we need to have smart, fair trade deals. ",1,need smart fair trade deals
clinton,"We also, though, need to have a tax system that rewards work and not just financial transactions. And the kind of plan that Donald has put forth would be trickle-down economics all over again. In fact, it would be the most extreme version, the biggest tax cuts for the top percent of the people in this country than we've ever had. ",1,also though need tax system rewards work financial transactions
clinton,"We also, though, need to have a tax system that rewards work and not just financial transactions. And the kind of plan that Donald has put forth would be trickle-down economics all over again. In fact, it would be the most extreme version, the biggest tax cuts for the top percent of the people in this country than we've ever had. ",1,kind plan donald put forth would trickle economics
clinton,"We also, though, need to have a tax system that rewards work and not just financial transactions. And the kind of plan that Donald has put forth would be trickle-down economics all over again. In fact, it would be the most extreme version, the biggest tax cuts for the top percent of the people in this country than we've ever had. ",1,fact would extreme version biggest tax cuts top percent people country weve ever
clinton,"I call it trumped-up trickle-down, because that's exactly what it would be. That is not how we grow the economy. ",1,call trumped trickle exactly would
clinton,"I call it trumped-up trickle-down, because that's exactly what it would be. That is not how we grow the economy. ",1,grow economy
clinton,"We just have a different view about what's best for growing the economy, how we make investments that will actually produce jobs and rising incomes. ",1,different view whats best growing economy make investments actually produce jobs rising incomes
clinton,"I think we come at it from somewhat different perspectives. I understand that. You know, Donald was very fortunate in his life, and that's all to his benefit. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father, and he really believes that the more you help wealthy people, the better off we'll be and that everything will work out from there. ",1,think come somewhat different perspectives
clinton,"I think we come at it from somewhat different perspectives. I understand that. You know, Donald was very fortunate in his life, and that's all to his benefit. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father, and he really believes that the more you help wealthy people, the better off we'll be and that everything will work out from there. ",1,understand
clinton,"I think we come at it from somewhat different perspectives. I understand that. You know, Donald was very fortunate in his life, and that's all to his benefit. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father, and he really believes that the more you help wealthy people, the better off we'll be and that everything will work out from there. ",1,know donald fortunate life benefit
clinton,"I think we come at it from somewhat different perspectives. I understand that. You know, Donald was very fortunate in his life, and that's all to his benefit. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father, and he really believes that the more you help wealthy people, the better off we'll be and that everything will work out from there. ",1,started business $14 million borrowed father really believes help wealthy people better well everything work
clinton,"I don't buy that. I have a different experience. My father was a small-businessman. He worked really hard. He printed drapery fabrics on long tables, where he pulled out those fabrics and he went down with a silkscreen and dumped the paint in and took the squeegee and kept going. ",1,buy
clinton,"I don't buy that. I have a different experience. My father was a small-businessman. He worked really hard. He printed drapery fabrics on long tables, where he pulled out those fabrics and he went down with a silkscreen and dumped the paint in and took the squeegee and kept going. ",1,different experience
clinton,"I don't buy that. I have a different experience. My father was a small-businessman. He worked really hard. He printed drapery fabrics on long tables, where he pulled out those fabrics and he went down with a silkscreen and dumped the paint in and took the squeegee and kept going. ",1,father small businessman
clinton,"I don't buy that. I have a different experience. My father was a small-businessman. He worked really hard. He printed drapery fabrics on long tables, where he pulled out those fabrics and he went down with a silkscreen and dumped the paint in and took the squeegee and kept going. ",1,worked really hard
clinton,"I don't buy that. I have a different experience. My father was a small-businessman. He worked really hard. He printed drapery fabrics on long tables, where he pulled out those fabrics and he went down with a silkscreen and dumped the paint in and took the squeegee and kept going. ",1,printed drapery fabrics long tables pulled fabrics went silkscreen dumped paint took squeegee kept going
clinton,"And so what I believe is the more we can do for the middle class, the more we can invest in you, your education, your skills, your future, the better we will be off and the better we'll grow. That's the kind of economy I want us to see again. ",1,believe middle class invest education skills future better better well grow
clinton,"And so what I believe is the more we can do for the middle class, the more we can invest in you, your education, your skills, your future, the better we will be off and the better we'll grow. That's the kind of economy I want us to see again. ",1,kind economy want see
trump," Well, for one thing -- and before we start on that -- my father gave me a very small loan in 1975, and I built it into a company that's worth many, many billions of dollars, with some of the greatest assets in the world, and I say that only because that's the kind of thinking that our country needs. ",0,well one thing start father gave small loan 1975 built company worth many many billions dollars greatest assets world say kind thinking country needs
trump,"Our country's in deep trouble. We don't know what we're doing when it comes to devaluations and all of these countries all over the world, especially China. They're the best, the best ever at it. What they're doing to us is a very, very sad thing.",0,countrys deep trouble
trump,"Our country's in deep trouble. We don't know what we're doing when it comes to devaluations and all of these countries all over the world, especially China. They're the best, the best ever at it. What they're doing to us is a very, very sad thing.",0,know comes devaluations countries world especially china
trump,"Our country's in deep trouble. We don't know what we're doing when it comes to devaluations and all of these countries all over the world, especially China. They're the best, the best ever at it. What they're doing to us is a very, very sad thing.",0,theyre best best ever
trump,"Our country's in deep trouble. We don't know what we're doing when it comes to devaluations and all of these countries all over the world, especially China. They're the best, the best ever at it. What they're doing to us is a very, very sad thing.",0,theyre sad thing
trump,"So we have to do that. We have to renegotiate our trade deals. And, Lester, they're taking our jobs, they're giving incentives, they're doing things that, frankly, we don't do. ",0,renegotiate trade deals
trump,"So we have to do that. We have to renegotiate our trade deals. And, Lester, they're taking our jobs, they're giving incentives, they're doing things that, frankly, we don't do. ",0,lester theyre taking jobs theyre giving incentives theyre things frankly
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,let give example mexico
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,vat tax
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,different system
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,sell mexico theres tax
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,sell automatic 16 percent approximately
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,sell theres tax
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,defective agreement
trump,"Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We're on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there's a tax. When they sell in -- automatic, 16 percent, approximately. When they sell into us, there's no tax. It's a defective agreement. It's been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven't done anything about it. ",0,defective long time many years politicians havent done anything
trump,"Now, in all fairness to Secretary Clinton -- yes, is that OK? Good. I want you to be very happy. It's very important to me. ",0,fairness secretary clinton yes ok
trump,"Now, in all fairness to Secretary Clinton -- yes, is that OK? Good. I want you to be very happy. It's very important to me. ",0,good
trump,"Now, in all fairness to Secretary Clinton -- yes, is that OK? Good. I want you to be very happy. It's very important to me. ",0,want happy
trump,"Now, in all fairness to Secretary Clinton -- yes, is that OK? Good. I want you to be very happy. It's very important to me. ",0,important
trump,"But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about this, it was really very recently. She's been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn't she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...",0,fairness secretary clinton started talking really recently
trump,"But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about this, it was really very recently. She's been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn't she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...",0,shes 30 years
trump,"But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about this, it was really very recently. She's been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn't she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...",0,hasnt made agreements better
trump,"But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about this, it was really very recently. She's been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn't she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...",0,nafta agreement defective
trump,"But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about this, it was really very recently. She's been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn't she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...",0,tax many reasons fact
trump," Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have been doing this for years, not right now, because of the fact that we've created a movement. They should have been doing this for years. What's happened to our jobs and our country and our economy generally is -- look, we owe $20 trillion. We cannot do it any longer, Lester. ",0,secretary clinton others politicians years right fact weve created movement
trump," Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have been doing this for years, not right now, because of the fact that we've created a movement. They should have been doing this for years. What's happened to our jobs and our country and our economy generally is -- look, we owe $20 trillion. We cannot do it any longer, Lester. ",0,years
trump," Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have been doing this for years, not right now, because of the fact that we've created a movement. They should have been doing this for years. What's happened to our jobs and our country and our economy generally is -- look, we owe $20 trillion. We cannot do it any longer, Lester. ",0,whats happened jobs country economy generally look owe $20 trillion
trump," Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have been doing this for years, not right now, because of the fact that we've created a movement. They should have been doing this for years. What's happened to our jobs and our country and our economy generally is -- look, we owe $20 trillion. We cannot do it any longer, Lester. ",0,cannot longer lester
trump," Well, the first thing you do is don't let the jobs leave. The companies are leaving. I could name, I mean, there are thousands of them. They're leaving, and they're leaving in bigger numbers than ever. ",0,well first thing let jobs leave
trump," Well, the first thing you do is don't let the jobs leave. The companies are leaving. I could name, I mean, there are thousands of them. They're leaving, and they're leaving in bigger numbers than ever. ",0,companies leaving
trump," Well, the first thing you do is don't let the jobs leave. The companies are leaving. I could name, I mean, there are thousands of them. They're leaving, and they're leaving in bigger numbers than ever. ",0,could name mean thousands
trump," Well, the first thing you do is don't let the jobs leave. The companies are leaving. I could name, I mean, there are thousands of them. They're leaving, and they're leaving in bigger numbers than ever. ",0,theyre leaving theyre leaving bigger numbers ever
trump,"And what you do is you say, fine, you want to go to Mexico or some other country, good luck. We wish you a lot of luck. But if you think you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars or your cookies or whatever you make and bring them into our country without a tax, you're wrong. ",0,say fine want go mexico country good luck
trump,"And what you do is you say, fine, you want to go to Mexico or some other country, good luck. We wish you a lot of luck. But if you think you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars or your cookies or whatever you make and bring them into our country without a tax, you're wrong. ",0,wish lot luck
trump,"And what you do is you say, fine, you want to go to Mexico or some other country, good luck. We wish you a lot of luck. But if you think you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars or your cookies or whatever you make and bring them into our country without a tax, you're wrong. ",0,think youre going make air conditioners cars cookies whatever make bring country without tax youre wrong
trump,"And once you say you're going to have to tax them coming in, and our politicians never do this, because they have special interests and the special interests want those companies to leave, because in many cases, they own the companies. So what I'm saying is, we can stop them from leaving. We have to stop them from leaving. And that's a big, big factor. ",0,say youre going tax coming politicians never special interests special interests want companies leave many cases companies
trump,"And once you say you're going to have to tax them coming in, and our politicians never do this, because they have special interests and the special interests want those companies to leave, because in many cases, they own the companies. So what I'm saying is, we can stop them from leaving. We have to stop them from leaving. And that's a big, big factor. ",0,saying stop leaving
trump,"And once you say you're going to have to tax them coming in, and our politicians never do this, because they have special interests and the special interests want those companies to leave, because in many cases, they own the companies. So what I'm saying is, we can stop them from leaving. We have to stop them from leaving. And that's a big, big factor. ",0,stop leaving
trump,"And once you say you're going to have to tax them coming in, and our politicians never do this, because they have special interests and the special interests want those companies to leave, because in many cases, they own the companies. So what I'm saying is, we can stop them from leaving. We have to stop them from leaving. And that's a big, big factor. ",0,big big factor
clinton," Well, let's stop for a second and remember where we were eight years ago. We had the worst financial crisis, the Great Recession, the worst since the 1930s. That was in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm. ",1,well lets stop second remember eight years ago
clinton," Well, let's stop for a second and remember where we were eight years ago. We had the worst financial crisis, the Great Recession, the worst since the 1930s. That was in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm. ",1,worst financial crisis great recession worst since 1930s
clinton," Well, let's stop for a second and remember where we were eight years ago. We had the worst financial crisis, the Great Recession, the worst since the 1930s. That was in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm. ",1,large part tax policies slashed taxes wealthy failed invest middle class took eyes wall street created perfect storm
clinton,"In fact, Donald was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said, back in 2006, ""Gee, I hope it does collapse, because then I can go in and buy some and make some money."" Well, it did collapse. ",1,fact donald one people rooted housing crisis
clinton,"In fact, Donald was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said, back in 2006, ""Gee, I hope it does collapse, because then I can go in and buy some and make some money."" Well, it did collapse. ",1,said back 2006 gee hope collapse go buy make money
clinton,"In fact, Donald was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said, back in 2006, ""Gee, I hope it does collapse, because then I can go in and buy some and make some money."" Well, it did collapse. ",1,well collapse
trump," That's called business, by the way. [Interruption] ",0,called business way
trump," That's called business, by the way. [Interruption] ",0,interruption
clinton, Nine million people -- nine million people lost their jobs. Five million people lost their homes. And $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out. ,1,nine million people nine million people lost jobs
clinton, Nine million people -- nine million people lost their jobs. Five million people lost their homes. And $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out. ,1,five million people lost homes
clinton, Nine million people -- nine million people lost their jobs. Five million people lost their homes. And $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out. ,1,$13 trillion family wealth wiped
clinton,"Now, we have come back from that abyss. And it has not been easy. So we're now on the precipice of having a potentially much better economy, but the last thing we need to do is to go back to the policies that failed us in the first place.",1,come back abyss
clinton,"Now, we have come back from that abyss. And it has not been easy. So we're now on the precipice of having a potentially much better economy, but the last thing we need to do is to go back to the policies that failed us in the first place.",1,easy
clinton,"Now, we have come back from that abyss. And it has not been easy. So we're now on the precipice of having a potentially much better economy, but the last thing we need to do is to go back to the policies that failed us in the first place.",1,precipice potentially much better economy last thing need go back policies failed first place
clinton,"Independent experts have looked at what I've proposed and looked at what Donald's proposed, and basically they've said this, that if his tax plan, which would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy, were to go into effect, we would lose 3.5 million jobs and maybe have another recession. ",1,independent experts looked ive proposed looked donalds proposed basically theyve said tax plan would blow debt $5 trillion would instances disadvantage middle class families compared wealthy go effect would lose 35 million jobs maybe another recession
clinton,"They've looked at my plans and they've said, OK, if we can do this, and I intend to get it done, we will have 10 million more new jobs, because we will be making investments where we can grow the economy. Take clean energy. Some country is going to be the clean- energy superpower of the 21st century. Donald thinks that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. I think it's real.",1,theyve looked plans theyve said ok intend done 10 million new jobs making investments grow economy
clinton,"They've looked at my plans and they've said, OK, if we can do this, and I intend to get it done, we will have 10 million more new jobs, because we will be making investments where we can grow the economy. Take clean energy. Some country is going to be the clean- energy superpower of the 21st century. Donald thinks that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. I think it's real.",1,take clean energy
clinton,"They've looked at my plans and they've said, OK, if we can do this, and I intend to get it done, we will have 10 million more new jobs, because we will be making investments where we can grow the economy. Take clean energy. Some country is going to be the clean- energy superpower of the 21st century. Donald thinks that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. I think it's real.",1,country going clean energy superpower 21st century
clinton,"They've looked at my plans and they've said, OK, if we can do this, and I intend to get it done, we will have 10 million more new jobs, because we will be making investments where we can grow the economy. Take clean energy. Some country is going to be the clean- energy superpower of the 21st century. Donald thinks that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. I think it's real.",1,donald thinks climate change hoax perpetrated chinese
clinton,"They've looked at my plans and they've said, OK, if we can do this, and I intend to get it done, we will have 10 million more new jobs, because we will be making investments where we can grow the economy. Take clean energy. Some country is going to be the clean- energy superpower of the 21st century. Donald thinks that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. I think it's real.",1,think real
trump, I did not. I did not. I do not say that. [Interruption],0,say
trump, I did not. I did not. I do not say that. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton, I think science is real. ,1,think science real
trump, I do not say that. [Interruption],0,say
trump, I do not say that. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," And I think it's important that we grip this and deal with it, both at home and abroad. And here's what we can do. We can deploy a half a billion more solar panels. We can have enough clean energy to power every home. We can build a new modern electric grid. That's a lot of jobs; that's a lot of new economic activity. ",1,think important grip deal home abroad
clinton," And I think it's important that we grip this and deal with it, both at home and abroad. And here's what we can do. We can deploy a half a billion more solar panels. We can have enough clean energy to power every home. We can build a new modern electric grid. That's a lot of jobs; that's a lot of new economic activity. ",1,heres
clinton," And I think it's important that we grip this and deal with it, both at home and abroad. And here's what we can do. We can deploy a half a billion more solar panels. We can have enough clean energy to power every home. We can build a new modern electric grid. That's a lot of jobs; that's a lot of new economic activity. ",1,deploy half billion solar panels
clinton," And I think it's important that we grip this and deal with it, both at home and abroad. And here's what we can do. We can deploy a half a billion more solar panels. We can have enough clean energy to power every home. We can build a new modern electric grid. That's a lot of jobs; that's a lot of new economic activity. ",1,enough clean energy power every home
clinton," And I think it's important that we grip this and deal with it, both at home and abroad. And here's what we can do. We can deploy a half a billion more solar panels. We can have enough clean energy to power every home. We can build a new modern electric grid. That's a lot of jobs; that's a lot of new economic activity. ",1,build new modern electric grid
clinton," And I think it's important that we grip this and deal with it, both at home and abroad. And here's what we can do. We can deploy a half a billion more solar panels. We can have enough clean energy to power every home. We can build a new modern electric grid. That's a lot of jobs; that's a lot of new economic activity. ",1,lot jobs lot new economic activity
clinton,"So I've tried to be very specific about what we can and should do, and I am determined that we're going to get the economy really moving again, building on the progress we've made over the last eight years, but never going back to what got us in trouble in the first place. ",1,ive tried specific determined going economy really moving building progress weve made last eight years never going back got trouble first place
trump," She talks about solar panels. We invested in a solar company, our country. That was a disaster. They lost plenty of money on that one. ",0,talks solar panels
trump," She talks about solar panels. We invested in a solar company, our country. That was a disaster. They lost plenty of money on that one. ",0,invested solar company country
trump," She talks about solar panels. We invested in a solar company, our country. That was a disaster. They lost plenty of money on that one. ",0,disaster
trump," She talks about solar panels. We invested in a solar company, our country. That was a disaster. They lost plenty of money on that one. ",0,lost plenty money one
trump,"Now, look, I'm a great believer in all forms of energy, but we're putting a lot of people out of work. Our energy policies are a disaster. Our country is losing so much in terms of energy, in terms of paying off our debt. You can't do what you're looking to do with $20 trillion in debt. ",0,look great believer forms energy putting lot people work
trump,"Now, look, I'm a great believer in all forms of energy, but we're putting a lot of people out of work. Our energy policies are a disaster. Our country is losing so much in terms of energy, in terms of paying off our debt. You can't do what you're looking to do with $20 trillion in debt. ",0,energy policies disaster
trump,"Now, look, I'm a great believer in all forms of energy, but we're putting a lot of people out of work. Our energy policies are a disaster. Our country is losing so much in terms of energy, in terms of paying off our debt. You can't do what you're looking to do with $20 trillion in debt. ",0,country losing much terms energy terms paying debt
trump,"Now, look, I'm a great believer in all forms of energy, but we're putting a lot of people out of work. Our energy policies are a disaster. Our country is losing so much in terms of energy, in terms of paying off our debt. You can't do what you're looking to do with $20 trillion in debt. ",0,cant youre looking $20 trillion debt
trump,"The Obama administration, from the time they've come in, is over 230 years' worth of debt, and he's topped it. He's doubled it in a course of almost eight years, seven-and-a-half years, to be semi- exact.",0,obama administration time theyve come 230 years worth debt hes topped
trump,"The Obama administration, from the time they've come in, is over 230 years' worth of debt, and he's topped it. He's doubled it in a course of almost eight years, seven-and-a-half years, to be semi- exact.",0,hes doubled course almost eight years seven half years semi exact
trump,"So I will tell you this. We have to do a much better job at keeping our jobs. And we have to do a much better job at giving companies incentives to build new companies or to expand, because they're not doing it. ",0,tell
trump,"So I will tell you this. We have to do a much better job at keeping our jobs. And we have to do a much better job at giving companies incentives to build new companies or to expand, because they're not doing it. ",0,much better job keeping jobs
trump,"So I will tell you this. We have to do a much better job at keeping our jobs. And we have to do a much better job at giving companies incentives to build new companies or to expand, because they're not doing it. ",0,much better job giving companies incentives build new companies expand theyre
trump,"And all you have to do is look at Michigan and look at Ohio and look at all of these places where so many of their jobs and their companies are just leaving, they're gone. ",0,look michigan look ohio look places many jobs companies leaving theyre gone
trump,"And, Hillary, I'd just ask you this. You've been doing this for 30 years. Why are you just thinking about these solutions right now? For 30 years, you've been doing it, and now you're just starting to think of solutions. ",0,hillary id ask
trump,"And, Hillary, I'd just ask you this. You've been doing this for 30 years. Why are you just thinking about these solutions right now? For 30 years, you've been doing it, and now you're just starting to think of solutions. ",0,youve 30 years
trump,"And, Hillary, I'd just ask you this. You've been doing this for 30 years. Why are you just thinking about these solutions right now? For 30 years, you've been doing it, and now you're just starting to think of solutions. ",0,thinking solutions right
trump,"And, Hillary, I'd just ask you this. You've been doing this for 30 years. Why are you just thinking about these solutions right now? For 30 years, you've been doing it, and now you're just starting to think of solutions. ",0,30 years youve youre starting think solutions
clinton," Well, actually [Interruption]",1,well actually interruption
trump, I will bring -- excuse me. I will bring back jobs. You can't bring back jobs. ,0,bring excuse
trump, I will bring -- excuse me. I will bring back jobs. You can't bring back jobs. ,0,bring back jobs
trump, I will bring -- excuse me. I will bring back jobs. You can't bring back jobs. ,0,cant bring back jobs
clinton," Well, actually, I have thought about this quite a bit. ",1,well actually thought quite bit
trump," Yeah, for 30 years. [Interruption]",0,yeah 30 years
trump," Yeah, for 30 years. [Interruption]",0,interruption
clinton," And I have -- well, not quite that long. I think my husband did a pretty good job in the 1990s. I think a lot about what worked and how we can make it work again...",1,well quite long
clinton," And I have -- well, not quite that long. I think my husband did a pretty good job in the 1990s. I think a lot about what worked and how we can make it work again...",1,think husband pretty good job 1990s
clinton," And I have -- well, not quite that long. I think my husband did a pretty good job in the 1990s. I think a lot about what worked and how we can make it work again...",1,think lot worked make work
clinton," Well, he approved NAFTA [Interruption]",1,well approved nafta interruption
clinton,(CROSSTALK),1,crosstalk
clinton," ... million new jobs, a balanced budget...",1,million new jobs balanced budget
trump," He approved NAFTA, which is the single worst trade deal ever approved in this country. [Interruption]",0,approved nafta single worst trade deal ever approved country
trump," He approved NAFTA, which is the single worst trade deal ever approved in this country. [Interruption]",0,interruption
clinton," Incomes went up for everybody. Manufacturing jobs went up also in the 1990s, if we're actually going to look at the facts. ",1,incomes went everybody
clinton," Incomes went up for everybody. Manufacturing jobs went up also in the 1990s, if we're actually going to look at the facts. ",1,manufacturing jobs went also 1990s actually going look facts
clinton,"When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade deals that came before me, and I held them all to the same test. Will they create jobs in America? Will they raise incomes in America? And are they good for our national security? Some of them I voted for. The biggest one, a multinational one known as CAFTA, I voted against. And because I hold the same standards as I look at all of these trade deals. ",1,senate number trade deals came held test
clinton,"When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade deals that came before me, and I held them all to the same test. Will they create jobs in America? Will they raise incomes in America? And are they good for our national security? Some of them I voted for. The biggest one, a multinational one known as CAFTA, I voted against. And because I hold the same standards as I look at all of these trade deals. ",1,create jobs america
clinton,"When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade deals that came before me, and I held them all to the same test. Will they create jobs in America? Will they raise incomes in America? And are they good for our national security? Some of them I voted for. The biggest one, a multinational one known as CAFTA, I voted against. And because I hold the same standards as I look at all of these trade deals. ",1,raise incomes america
clinton,"When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade deals that came before me, and I held them all to the same test. Will they create jobs in America? Will they raise incomes in America? And are they good for our national security? Some of them I voted for. The biggest one, a multinational one known as CAFTA, I voted against. And because I hold the same standards as I look at all of these trade deals. ",1,good national security
clinton,"When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade deals that came before me, and I held them all to the same test. Will they create jobs in America? Will they raise incomes in America? And are they good for our national security? Some of them I voted for. The biggest one, a multinational one known as CAFTA, I voted against. And because I hold the same standards as I look at all of these trade deals. ",1,voted
clinton,"When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade deals that came before me, and I held them all to the same test. Will they create jobs in America? Will they raise incomes in America? And are they good for our national security? Some of them I voted for. The biggest one, a multinational one known as CAFTA, I voted against. And because I hold the same standards as I look at all of these trade deals. ",1,biggest one multinational one known cafta voted
clinton,"When I was in the Senate, I had a number of trade deals that came before me, and I held them all to the same test. Will they create jobs in America? Will they raise incomes in America? And are they good for our national security? Some of them I voted for. The biggest one, a multinational one known as CAFTA, I voted against. And because I hold the same standards as I look at all of these trade deals. ",1,hold standards look trade deals
clinton,"But let's not assume that trade is the only challenge we have in the economy. I think it is a part of it, and I've said what I'm going to do. I'm going to have a special prosecutor. We're going to enforce the trade deals we have, and we're going to hold people accountable. ",1,lets assume trade challenge economy
clinton,"But let's not assume that trade is the only challenge we have in the economy. I think it is a part of it, and I've said what I'm going to do. I'm going to have a special prosecutor. We're going to enforce the trade deals we have, and we're going to hold people accountable. ",1,think part ive said going
clinton,"But let's not assume that trade is the only challenge we have in the economy. I think it is a part of it, and I've said what I'm going to do. I'm going to have a special prosecutor. We're going to enforce the trade deals we have, and we're going to hold people accountable. ",1,going special prosecutor
clinton,"But let's not assume that trade is the only challenge we have in the economy. I think it is a part of it, and I've said what I'm going to do. I'm going to have a special prosecutor. We're going to enforce the trade deals we have, and we're going to hold people accountable. ",1,going enforce trade deals going hold people accountable
clinton,"When I was secretary of state, we actually increased American exports globally 30 percent. We increased them to China 50 percent. So I know how to really work to get new jobs and to get exports that helped to create more new jobs. ",1,secretary state actually increased american exports globally 30 percent
clinton,"When I was secretary of state, we actually increased American exports globally 30 percent. We increased them to China 50 percent. So I know how to really work to get new jobs and to get exports that helped to create more new jobs. ",1,increased china 50 percent
clinton,"When I was secretary of state, we actually increased American exports globally 30 percent. We increased them to China 50 percent. So I know how to really work to get new jobs and to get exports that helped to create more new jobs. ",1,know really work new jobs exports helped create new jobs
trump, But you haven't done it in 30 years or 26 years or any number you want to... ,0,havent done 30 years 26 years number want
clinton," Well, I've been a senator, Donald...",1,well ive senator donald
trump, You haven't done it. You haven't done it. [Interruption],0,havent done
trump, You haven't done it. You haven't done it. [Interruption],0,havent done
trump, You haven't done it. You haven't done it. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton, And I have been a secretary of state...,1,secretary state
trump, Excuse me. [Interruption],0,excuse
trump, Excuse me. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton, And I have done a lot...,1,done lot
trump," Your husband signed NAFTA, which was one of the worst things that ever happened to the manufacturing industry. ",0,husband signed nafta one worst things ever happened manufacturing industry
clinton," Well, that's your opinion. That is your opinion. [Interruption]",1,well opinion
clinton," Well, that's your opinion. That is your opinion. [Interruption]",1,opinion
clinton," Well, that's your opinion. That is your opinion. [Interruption]",1,interruption
trump," You go to New England, you go to Ohio, Pennsylvania, you go anywhere you want, Secretary Clinton, and you will see devastation where manufacture is down 30, 40, sometimes 50 percent. NAFTA is the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere, but certainly ever signed in this country. ",0,go new england go ohio pennsylvania go anywhere want secretary clinton see devastation manufacture 30 40 sometimes 50 percent
trump," You go to New England, you go to Ohio, Pennsylvania, you go anywhere you want, Secretary Clinton, and you will see devastation where manufacture is down 30, 40, sometimes 50 percent. NAFTA is the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere, but certainly ever signed in this country. ",0,nafta worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere certainly ever signed country
trump,"And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it. Then you heard what I was saying, how bad it is, and you said, I can't win that debate. But you know that if you did win, you would approve that, and that will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing will ever top NAFTA. ",0,want approve trans pacific partnership
trump,"And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it. Then you heard what I was saying, how bad it is, and you said, I can't win that debate. But you know that if you did win, you would approve that, and that will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing will ever top NAFTA. ",0,totally favor
trump,"And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it. Then you heard what I was saying, how bad it is, and you said, I can't win that debate. But you know that if you did win, you would approve that, and that will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing will ever top NAFTA. ",0,heard saying bad said cant win debate
trump,"And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it. Then you heard what I was saying, how bad it is, and you said, I can't win that debate. But you know that if you did win, you would approve that, and that will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing will ever top NAFTA. ",0,know win would approve almost bad nafta
trump,"And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it. Then you heard what I was saying, how bad it is, and you said, I can't win that debate. But you know that if you did win, you would approve that, and that will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing will ever top NAFTA. ",0,nothing ever top nafta
clinton," Well, that is just not accurate. I was against it once it was finally negotiated and the terms were laid out. I wrote about that in...",1,well accurate
clinton," Well, that is just not accurate. I was against it once it was finally negotiated and the terms were laid out. I wrote about that in...",1,finally negotiated terms laid
clinton," Well, that is just not accurate. I was against it once it was finally negotiated and the terms were laid out. I wrote about that in...",1,wrote
trump, You called it the gold standard. [Interruption],0,called gold standard
trump, You called it the gold standard. [Interruption],0,interruption
trump,(CROSSTALK) ,0,crosstalk
trump, You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it's the finest deal you've ever seen. [Interruption],0,called gold standard trade deals
trump, You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it's the finest deal you've ever seen. [Interruption],0,said finest deal youve ever seen
trump, You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it's the finest deal you've ever seen. [Interruption],0,interruption
trump," And then you heard what I said about it, and all of a sudden you were against it. [Interruption]",0,heard said sudden
trump," And then you heard what I said about it, and all of a sudden you were against it. [Interruption]",0,interruption
clinton," Well, Donald, I know you live in your own reality, but that is not the facts. The facts are -- I did say I hoped it would be a good deal, but when it was negotiated...",1,well donald know live reality facts
clinton," Well, Donald, I know you live in your own reality, but that is not the facts. The facts are -- I did say I hoped it would be a good deal, but when it was negotiated...",1,facts say hoped would good deal negotiated
trump, Not. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," ... which I was not responsible for, I concluded it wasn't. I wrote about that in my book...",1,responsible concluded wasnt
clinton," ... which I was not responsible for, I concluded it wasn't. I wrote about that in my book...",1,wrote book
trump, So is it President Obama's fault? [Interruption],0,president obamas fault
trump, So is it President Obama's fault? [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton, ... before you even announced.,1,even announced
trump, Is it President Obama's fault? [Interruption],0,president obamas fault
trump, Is it President Obama's fault? [Interruption],0,interruption
trump," Look, there are differences...",0,look differences
trump," Secretary, is it President Obama's fault? [Interruption]",0,secretary president obamas fault
trump," Secretary, is it President Obama's fault? [Interruption]",0,interruption
trump, Because he's pushing it. [Interruption],0,hes pushing
trump, Because he's pushing it. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," There are different views about what's good for our country, our economy, and our leadership in the world. And I think it's important to look at what we need to do to get the economy going again. That's why I said new jobs with rising incomes, investments, not in more tax cuts that would add $5 trillion to the debt.",1,different views whats good country economy leadership world
clinton," There are different views about what's good for our country, our economy, and our leadership in the world. And I think it's important to look at what we need to do to get the economy going again. That's why I said new jobs with rising incomes, investments, not in more tax cuts that would add $5 trillion to the debt.",1,think important look need economy going
clinton," There are different views about what's good for our country, our economy, and our leadership in the world. And I think it's important to look at what we need to do to get the economy going again. That's why I said new jobs with rising incomes, investments, not in more tax cuts that would add $5 trillion to the debt.",1,said new jobs rising incomes investments tax cuts would add $5 trillion debt
trump, But you have no plan. [Interruption],0,plan
trump, But you have no plan. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," But in -- oh, but I do. ",1,oh
trump," Secretary, you have no plan. [Interruption]",0,secretary plan
trump," Secretary, you have no plan. [Interruption]",0,interruption
clinton," In fact, I have written a book about it. It's called ""Stronger Together."" You can pick it up tomorrow at a bookstore...",1,fact written book
clinton," In fact, I have written a book about it. It's called ""Stronger Together."" You can pick it up tomorrow at a bookstore...",1,called stronger together
clinton," In fact, I have written a book about it. It's called ""Stronger Together."" You can pick it up tomorrow at a bookstore...",1,pick tomorrow bookstore
trump, That's about all you've [Interruption],0,youve interruption
trump,(CROSSTALK),0,crosstalk
clinton, ... or at an airport near you.,1,airport near
clinton," But it's because I see this -- we need to have strong growth, fair growth, sustained growth. We also have to look at how we help families balance the responsibilities at home and the responsibilities at business. ",1,see need strong growth fair growth sustained growth
clinton," But it's because I see this -- we need to have strong growth, fair growth, sustained growth. We also have to look at how we help families balance the responsibilities at home and the responsibilities at business. ",1,also look help families balance responsibilities home responsibilities business
clinton,"So we have a very robust set of plans. And people have looked at both of our plans, have concluded that mine would create 10 million jobs and yours would lose us 3.5 million jobs, and explode the debt which would have a recession.",1,robust set plans
clinton,"So we have a very robust set of plans. And people have looked at both of our plans, have concluded that mine would create 10 million jobs and yours would lose us 3.5 million jobs, and explode the debt which would have a recession.",1,people looked plans concluded mine would create 10 million jobs would lose 35 million jobs explode debt would recession
trump," You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you're going to increase regulations all over the place. [Interruption]",0,going approve one biggest tax cuts history
trump," You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you're going to increase regulations all over the place. [Interruption]",0,going approve one biggest tax increases history
trump," You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you're going to increase regulations all over the place. [Interruption]",0,going drive business
trump," You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you're going to increase regulations all over the place. [Interruption]",0,regulations disaster youre going increase regulations place
trump," You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you're going to increase regulations all over the place. [Interruption]",0,interruption
trump,"And by the way, my tax cut is the biggest since Ronald Reagan. I'm very proud of it. It will create tremendous numbers of new jobs. But regulations, you are going to regulate these businesses out of existence. ",0,way tax cut biggest since ronald reagan
trump,"And by the way, my tax cut is the biggest since Ronald Reagan. I'm very proud of it. It will create tremendous numbers of new jobs. But regulations, you are going to regulate these businesses out of existence. ",0,proud
trump,"And by the way, my tax cut is the biggest since Ronald Reagan. I'm very proud of it. It will create tremendous numbers of new jobs. But regulations, you are going to regulate these businesses out of existence. ",0,create tremendous numbers new jobs
trump,"And by the way, my tax cut is the biggest since Ronald Reagan. I'm very proud of it. It will create tremendous numbers of new jobs. But regulations, you are going to regulate these businesses out of existence. ",0,regulations going regulate businesses existence
trump,"When I go around -- Lester, I tell you this, I've been all over. And when I go around, despite the tax cut, the thing -- the things that business as in people like the most is the fact that I'm cutting regulation. You have regulations on top of regulations, and new companies cannot form and old companies are going out of business. And you want to increase the regulations and make them even worse. ",0,go around lester tell ive
trump,"When I go around -- Lester, I tell you this, I've been all over. And when I go around, despite the tax cut, the thing -- the things that business as in people like the most is the fact that I'm cutting regulation. You have regulations on top of regulations, and new companies cannot form and old companies are going out of business. And you want to increase the regulations and make them even worse. ",0,go around despite tax cut thing things business people like fact cutting regulation
trump,"When I go around -- Lester, I tell you this, I've been all over. And when I go around, despite the tax cut, the thing -- the things that business as in people like the most is the fact that I'm cutting regulation. You have regulations on top of regulations, and new companies cannot form and old companies are going out of business. And you want to increase the regulations and make them even worse. ",0,regulations top regulations new companies cannot form old companies going business
trump,"When I go around -- Lester, I tell you this, I've been all over. And when I go around, despite the tax cut, the thing -- the things that business as in people like the most is the fact that I'm cutting regulation. You have regulations on top of regulations, and new companies cannot form and old companies are going out of business. And you want to increase the regulations and make them even worse. ",0,want increase regulations make even worse
trump,"I'm going to cut regulations. I'm going to cut taxes big league, and you're going to raise taxes big league, end of story. ",0,going cut regulations
trump,"I'm going to cut regulations. I'm going to cut taxes big league, and you're going to raise taxes big league, end of story. ",0,going cut taxes big league youre going raise taxes big league end story
clinton, That can't -- that can't be left to stand. [Interruption],1,cant cant left stand
clinton, That can't -- that can't be left to stand. [Interruption],1,interruption
clinton," I kind of assumed that there would be a lot of these charges and claims, and so...",1,kind assumed would lot charges claims
trump, Facts. [Interruption],0,facts
trump, Facts. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," So we have taken the home page of my website, HillaryClinton.com, and we've turned it into a fact-checker. So if you want to see in real-time what the facts are, please go and take a look. Because what I have proposed...",1,taken home page website hillaryclintoncom weve turned fact checker
clinton," So we have taken the home page of my website, HillaryClinton.com, and we've turned it into a fact-checker. So if you want to see in real-time what the facts are, please go and take a look. Because what I have proposed...",1,want see real time facts please go take look
clinton," So we have taken the home page of my website, HillaryClinton.com, and we've turned it into a fact-checker. So if you want to see in real-time what the facts are, please go and take a look. Because what I have proposed...",1,proposed
trump," And take a look at mine, also, and you'll see. [Interruption]",0,take look mine also youll see
trump," And take a look at mine, also, and you'll see. [Interruption]",0,interruption
clinton," ... would not add a penny to the debt, and your plans would add $5 trillion to the debt. What I have proposed would cut regulations and streamline them for small businesses. What I have proposed would be paid for by raising taxes on the wealthy, because they have made all the gains in the economy. And I think it's time that the wealthy and corporations paid their fair share to support this country. ",1,would add penny debt plans would add $5 trillion debt
clinton," ... would not add a penny to the debt, and your plans would add $5 trillion to the debt. What I have proposed would cut regulations and streamline them for small businesses. What I have proposed would be paid for by raising taxes on the wealthy, because they have made all the gains in the economy. And I think it's time that the wealthy and corporations paid their fair share to support this country. ",1,proposed would cut regulations streamline small businesses
clinton," ... would not add a penny to the debt, and your plans would add $5 trillion to the debt. What I have proposed would cut regulations and streamline them for small businesses. What I have proposed would be paid for by raising taxes on the wealthy, because they have made all the gains in the economy. And I think it's time that the wealthy and corporations paid their fair share to support this country. ",1,proposed would paid raising taxes wealthy made gains economy
clinton," ... would not add a penny to the debt, and your plans would add $5 trillion to the debt. What I have proposed would cut regulations and streamline them for small businesses. What I have proposed would be paid for by raising taxes on the wealthy, because they have made all the gains in the economy. And I think it's time that the wealthy and corporations paid their fair share to support this country. ",1,think time wealthy corporations paid fair share support country
trump," Well, could I just finish -- I think I [Interruption]",0,well could finish think i interruption
trump,(CROSSTALK),0,crosstalk
trump," I think I should -- you go to her website, and you take a look at her website. ",0,think go website take look website
trump, She's going to raise taxes $1.3 trillion.,0,shes going raise taxes $13 trillion
trump, And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.,0,look website
trump, And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.,0,know
trump, And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.,0,difference
trump, And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.,0,shes telling fight isis
trump, And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.,0,go website
trump, And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.,0,tells fight isis website
trump, And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.,0,think general douglas macarthur would like much
clinton," Well, at least I have a plan to fight ISIS. [Interruption]",1,well least plan fight isis
clinton," Well, at least I have a plan to fight ISIS. [Interruption]",1,interruption
trump," No, no, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do. [Interruption]",0,youre telling enemy everything want
trump," No, no, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do. [Interruption]",0,interruption
trump," See, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do. No wonder you've been fighting -- no wonder you've been fighting ISIS your entire adult life. [Interruption]",0,see youre telling enemy everything want
trump," See, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do. No wonder you've been fighting -- no wonder you've been fighting ISIS your entire adult life. [Interruption]",0,wonder youve fighting wonder youve fighting isis entire adult life
trump," See, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do. No wonder you've been fighting -- no wonder you've been fighting ISIS your entire adult life. [Interruption]",0,interruption
clinton," That's a -- that's -- go to the -- please, fact checkers, get to work. ",1,go please fact checkers work
trump," Well, I'm really calling for major jobs, because the wealthy are going create tremendous jobs. They're going to expand their companies. They're going to do a tremendous job. ",0,well really calling major jobs wealthy going create tremendous jobs
trump," Well, I'm really calling for major jobs, because the wealthy are going create tremendous jobs. They're going to expand their companies. They're going to do a tremendous job. ",0,theyre going expand companies
trump," Well, I'm really calling for major jobs, because the wealthy are going create tremendous jobs. They're going to expand their companies. They're going to do a tremendous job. ",0,theyre going tremendous job
trump,"I'm getting rid of the carried interest provision. And if you really look, it's not a tax -- it's really not a great thing for the wealthy. It's a great thing for the middle class. It's a great thing for companies to expand. ",0,getting rid carried interest provision
trump,"I'm getting rid of the carried interest provision. And if you really look, it's not a tax -- it's really not a great thing for the wealthy. It's a great thing for the middle class. It's a great thing for companies to expand. ",0,really look tax really great thing wealthy
trump,"I'm getting rid of the carried interest provision. And if you really look, it's not a tax -- it's really not a great thing for the wealthy. It's a great thing for the middle class. It's a great thing for companies to expand. ",0,great thing middle class
trump,"I'm getting rid of the carried interest provision. And if you really look, it's not a tax -- it's really not a great thing for the wealthy. It's a great thing for the middle class. It's a great thing for companies to expand. ",0,great thing companies expand
trump,"And when these people are going to put billions and billions of dollars into companies, and when they're going to bring $2.5 trillion back from overseas, where they can't bring the money back, because politicians like Secretary Clinton won't allow them to bring the money back, because the taxes are so onerous, and the bureaucratic red tape, so what -- is so bad. ",0,people going put billions billions dollars companies theyre going bring $25 trillion back overseas cant bring money back politicians like secretary clinton wont allow bring money back taxes onerous bureaucratic red tape bad
trump,"So what they're doing is they're leaving our country, and they're, believe it or not, leaving because taxes are too high and because some of them have lots of money outside of our country. And instead of bringing it back and putting the money to work, because they can't work out a deal to -- and everybody agrees it should be brought back. ",0,theyre theyre leaving country theyre believe leaving taxes high lots money outside country
trump,"So what they're doing is they're leaving our country, and they're, believe it or not, leaving because taxes are too high and because some of them have lots of money outside of our country. And instead of bringing it back and putting the money to work, because they can't work out a deal to -- and everybody agrees it should be brought back. ",0,instead bringing back putting money work cant work deal everybody agrees brought back
trump,"Instead of that, they're leaving our country to get their money, because they can't bring their money back into our country, because of bureaucratic red tape, because they can't get together. Because we have -- we have a president that can't sit them around a table and get them to approve something. ",0,instead theyre leaving country money cant bring money back country bureaucratic red tape cant together
trump,"Instead of that, they're leaving our country to get their money, because they can't bring their money back into our country, because of bureaucratic red tape, because they can't get together. Because we have -- we have a president that can't sit them around a table and get them to approve something. ",0,president cant sit around table approve something
trump,"And here's the thing. Republicans and Democrats agree that this should be done, $2.5 trillion. I happen to think it's double that. It's probably $5 trillion that we can't bring into our country, Lester. And with a little leadership, you'd get it in here very quickly, and it could be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things, and it would be beautiful. ",0,heres thing
trump,"And here's the thing. Republicans and Democrats agree that this should be done, $2.5 trillion. I happen to think it's double that. It's probably $5 trillion that we can't bring into our country, Lester. And with a little leadership, you'd get it in here very quickly, and it could be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things, and it would be beautiful. ",0,republicans democrats agree done $25 trillion
trump,"And here's the thing. Republicans and Democrats agree that this should be done, $2.5 trillion. I happen to think it's double that. It's probably $5 trillion that we can't bring into our country, Lester. And with a little leadership, you'd get it in here very quickly, and it could be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things, and it would be beautiful. ",0,happen think double
trump,"And here's the thing. Republicans and Democrats agree that this should be done, $2.5 trillion. I happen to think it's double that. It's probably $5 trillion that we can't bring into our country, Lester. And with a little leadership, you'd get it in here very quickly, and it could be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things, and it would be beautiful. ",0,probably $5 trillion cant bring country lester
trump,"And here's the thing. Republicans and Democrats agree that this should be done, $2.5 trillion. I happen to think it's double that. It's probably $5 trillion that we can't bring into our country, Lester. And with a little leadership, you'd get it in here very quickly, and it could be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things, and it would be beautiful. ",0,little leadership youd quickly could put use inner cities lots things would beautiful
trump,"But we have no leadership. And honestly, that starts with Secretary Clinton. ",0,leadership
trump,"But we have no leadership. And honestly, that starts with Secretary Clinton. ",0,honestly starts secretary clinton
clinton," I have a feeling that by, the end of this evening, I'm going to be blamed for everything that's ever happened.",1,feeling end evening going blamed everything ever happened
trump, Why not? [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," Why not? Yeah, why not?",1,yeah
clinton,(LAUGHTER),1,laughter
clinton,"You know, just join the debate by saying more crazy things. Now, let me say this, it is absolutely the case...",1,know join debate saying crazy things
clinton,"You know, just join the debate by saying more crazy things. Now, let me say this, it is absolutely the case...",1,let say absolutely case
trump, There's nothing crazy about not letting our companies bring their money back into their country. ,0,theres nothing crazy letting companies bring money back country
trump,[Interruption],0,interruption
trump," This is -- this is Secretary Clinton's two minutes, please. ",0,secretary clintons two minutes please
trump, Yes. [Interruption],0,yes
trump, Yes. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," Yeah, well, let's start the clock again, Lester. We've looked at your tax proposals. I don't see changes in the corporate tax rates or the kinds of proposals you're referring to that would cause the repatriation, bringing back of money that's stranded overseas. I happen to support that.",1,yeah well lets start clock lester
clinton," Yeah, well, let's start the clock again, Lester. We've looked at your tax proposals. I don't see changes in the corporate tax rates or the kinds of proposals you're referring to that would cause the repatriation, bringing back of money that's stranded overseas. I happen to support that.",1,weve looked tax proposals
clinton," Yeah, well, let's start the clock again, Lester. We've looked at your tax proposals. I don't see changes in the corporate tax rates or the kinds of proposals you're referring to that would cause the repatriation, bringing back of money that's stranded overseas. I happen to support that.",1,see changes corporate tax rates kinds proposals youre referring would cause repatriation bringing back money stranded overseas
clinton," Yeah, well, let's start the clock again, Lester. We've looked at your tax proposals. I don't see changes in the corporate tax rates or the kinds of proposals you're referring to that would cause the repatriation, bringing back of money that's stranded overseas. I happen to support that.",1,happen support
trump, Then you didn't read it. [Interruption],0,didnt read
trump, Then you didn't read it. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," I happen to -- I happen to support that in a way that will actually work to our benefit. But when I look at what you have proposed, you have what is called now the Trump loophole, because it would so advantage you and the business you do. You've proposed an approach that has a...",1,happen happen support way actually work benefit
clinton," I happen to -- I happen to support that in a way that will actually work to our benefit. But when I look at what you have proposed, you have what is called now the Trump loophole, because it would so advantage you and the business you do. You've proposed an approach that has a...",1,look proposed called trump loophole would advantage business
clinton," I happen to -- I happen to support that in a way that will actually work to our benefit. But when I look at what you have proposed, you have what is called now the Trump loophole, because it would so advantage you and the business you do. You've proposed an approach that has a...",1,youve proposed approach
trump, Who gave it that name? The first I've -- who gave it that name? [Interruption],0,gave name
trump, Who gave it that name? The first I've -- who gave it that name? [Interruption],0,first ive gave name
trump, Who gave it that name? The first I've -- who gave it that name? [Interruption],0,interruption
trump,(CROSSTALK),0,crosstalk
clinton, ... $4 billion tax benefit for your family. And when you look at what you are proposing...,1,$4 billion tax benefit family
clinton, ... $4 billion tax benefit for your family. And when you look at what you are proposing...,1,look proposing
trump, How much? How much for my family? [Interruption] CLINTON: ... it is...,0,much
trump, How much? How much for my family? [Interruption] CLINTON: ... it is...,0,much family
trump, How much? How much for my family? [Interruption] CLINTON: ... it is...,0,interruption clinton
trump," Lester, how much? [Interruption]",0,lester much
trump," Lester, how much? [Interruption]",0,interruption
clinton," ... as I said, trumped-up trickle-down. Trickle-down did not work. It got us into the mess we were in, in 2008 and 2009. Slashing taxes on the wealthy hasn't worked. ",1,said trumped trickle
clinton," ... as I said, trumped-up trickle-down. Trickle-down did not work. It got us into the mess we were in, in 2008 and 2009. Slashing taxes on the wealthy hasn't worked. ",1,trickle work
clinton," ... as I said, trumped-up trickle-down. Trickle-down did not work. It got us into the mess we were in, in 2008 and 2009. Slashing taxes on the wealthy hasn't worked. ",1,got mess 2008 2009
clinton," ... as I said, trumped-up trickle-down. Trickle-down did not work. It got us into the mess we were in, in 2008 and 2009. Slashing taxes on the wealthy hasn't worked. ",1,slashing taxes wealthy hasnt worked
clinton,"And a lot of really smart, wealthy people know that. And they are saying, hey, we need to do more to make the contributions we should be making to rebuild the middle class. ",1,lot really smart wealthy people know
clinton,"And a lot of really smart, wealthy people know that. And they are saying, hey, we need to do more to make the contributions we should be making to rebuild the middle class. ",1,saying hey need make contributions making rebuild middle class
clinton," I don't think top-down works in America. I think building the middle class, investing in the middle class, making college debt-free so more young people can get their education, helping people refinance their -- their debt from college at a lower rate. Those are the kinds of things that will really boost the economy. Broad-based, inclusive growth is what we need in America, not more advantages for people at the very top. ",1,think top works america
clinton," I don't think top-down works in America. I think building the middle class, investing in the middle class, making college debt-free so more young people can get their education, helping people refinance their -- their debt from college at a lower rate. Those are the kinds of things that will really boost the economy. Broad-based, inclusive growth is what we need in America, not more advantages for people at the very top. ",1,think building middle class investing middle class making college debt free young people education helping people refinance debt college lower rate
clinton," I don't think top-down works in America. I think building the middle class, investing in the middle class, making college debt-free so more young people can get their education, helping people refinance their -- their debt from college at a lower rate. Those are the kinds of things that will really boost the economy. Broad-based, inclusive growth is what we need in America, not more advantages for people at the very top. ",1,kinds things really boost economy
clinton," I don't think top-down works in America. I think building the middle class, investing in the middle class, making college debt-free so more young people can get their education, helping people refinance their -- their debt from college at a lower rate. Those are the kinds of things that will really boost the economy. Broad-based, inclusive growth is what we need in America, not more advantages for people at the very top. ",1,broad based inclusive growth need america advantages people top
trump," Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn't work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what's going on. [Interruption]",0,typical politician
trump," Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn't work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what's going on. [Interruption]",0,talk action
trump," Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn't work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what's going on. [Interruption]",0,sounds good doesnt work
trump," Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn't work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what's going on. [Interruption]",0,never going happen
trump," Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn't work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what's going on. [Interruption]",0,country suffering people like secretary clinton made bad decisions terms jobs terms whats going
trump," Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn't work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what's going on. [Interruption]",0,interruption
trump,"Now, look, we have the worst revival of an economy since the Great Depression. And believe me: We're in a bubble right now. And the only thing that looks good is the stock market, but if you raise interest rates even a little bit, that's going to come crashing down. ",0,look worst revival economy since great depression
trump,"Now, look, we have the worst revival of an economy since the Great Depression. And believe me: We're in a bubble right now. And the only thing that looks good is the stock market, but if you raise interest rates even a little bit, that's going to come crashing down. ",0,believe bubble right
trump,"Now, look, we have the worst revival of an economy since the Great Depression. And believe me: We're in a bubble right now. And the only thing that looks good is the stock market, but if you raise interest rates even a little bit, that's going to come crashing down. ",0,thing looks good stock market raise interest rates even little bit going come crashing
trump,"We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that's doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political -- by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton. ",0,big fat ugly bubble
trump,"We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that's doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political -- by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton. ",0,better awfully careful
trump,"We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that's doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political -- by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton. ",0,fed political things
trump,"We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that's doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political -- by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton. ",0,janet yellen fed
trump,"We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that's doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political -- by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton. ",0,fed political keeping interest rates level
trump,"We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that's doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political -- by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton. ",0,believe day obama goes leaves goes golf course rest life play golf raise interest rates youre going see bad things happen fed job
trump,"We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that's doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political -- by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you're going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton. ",0,fed political secretary clinton
trump," I don't mind releasing -- I'm under a routine audit. And it'll be released. And -- as soon as the audit's finished, it will be released. ",0,mind releasing routine audit
trump," I don't mind releasing -- I'm under a routine audit. And it'll be released. And -- as soon as the audit's finished, it will be released. ",0,itll released
trump," I don't mind releasing -- I'm under a routine audit. And it'll be released. And -- as soon as the audit's finished, it will be released. ",0,soon audits finished released
trump,"But you will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the federal elections, where I filed a 104-page essentially financial statement of sorts, the forms that they have. It shows income -- in fact, the income -- I just looked today -- the income is filed at $694 million for this past year, $694 million. If you would have told me I was going to make that 15 or 20 years ago, I would have been very surprised. ",0,learn donald trump going federal elections filed 104 page essentially financial statement sorts forms
trump,"But you will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the federal elections, where I filed a 104-page essentially financial statement of sorts, the forms that they have. It shows income -- in fact, the income -- I just looked today -- the income is filed at $694 million for this past year, $694 million. If you would have told me I was going to make that 15 or 20 years ago, I would have been very surprised. ",0,shows income fact income looked today income filed $694 million past year $694 million
trump,"But you will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the federal elections, where I filed a 104-page essentially financial statement of sorts, the forms that they have. It shows income -- in fact, the income -- I just looked today -- the income is filed at $694 million for this past year, $694 million. If you would have told me I was going to make that 15 or 20 years ago, I would have been very surprised. ",0,would told going make 15 20 years ago would surprised
trump,"But that's the kind of thinking that our country needs. When we have a country that's doing so badly, that's being ripped off by every single country in the world, it's the kind of thinking that our country needs, because everybody -- Lester, we have a trade deficit with all of the countries that we do business with, of almost $800 billion a year. You know what that is? That means, who's negotiating these trade deals? ",0,kind thinking country needs
trump,"But that's the kind of thinking that our country needs. When we have a country that's doing so badly, that's being ripped off by every single country in the world, it's the kind of thinking that our country needs, because everybody -- Lester, we have a trade deficit with all of the countries that we do business with, of almost $800 billion a year. You know what that is? That means, who's negotiating these trade deals? ",0,country badly ripped every single country world kind thinking country needs everybody lester trade deficit countries business almost $800 billion year
trump,"But that's the kind of thinking that our country needs. When we have a country that's doing so badly, that's being ripped off by every single country in the world, it's the kind of thinking that our country needs, because everybody -- Lester, we have a trade deficit with all of the countries that we do business with, of almost $800 billion a year. You know what that is? That means, who's negotiating these trade deals? ",0,know
trump,"But that's the kind of thinking that our country needs. When we have a country that's doing so badly, that's being ripped off by every single country in the world, it's the kind of thinking that our country needs, because everybody -- Lester, we have a trade deficit with all of the countries that we do business with, of almost $800 billion a year. You know what that is? That means, who's negotiating these trade deals? ",0,means whos negotiating trade deals
trump,We have people that are political hacks negotiating our trade deals. ,0,people political hacks negotiating trade deals
trump, Excuse me. ,0,excuse
trump," Well, I told you, I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I've been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year. ",0,well told release soon audit
trump," Well, I told you, I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I've been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year. ",0,look ive audit almost 15 years
trump," Well, I told you, I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I've been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year. ",0,know lot wealthy people never audited
trump," Well, I told you, I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I've been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year. ",0,said audited
trump," Well, I told you, I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I've been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year. ",0,audited almost every year
trump,"And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. I don't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don't. ",0,way complaining
trump,"And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. I don't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don't. ",0,even complaining
trump,"And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. I don't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don't. ",0,mind
trump,"And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. I don't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don't. ",0,almost become way life
trump,"And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. I don't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don't. ",0,audited irs
trump,"And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. I don't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don't. ",0,people
trump,"I will say this. We have a situation in this country that has to be taken care of. I will release my tax returns -- against my lawyer's wishes -- when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted. As soon as she releases them, I will release. ",0,say
trump,"I will say this. We have a situation in this country that has to be taken care of. I will release my tax returns -- against my lawyer's wishes -- when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted. As soon as she releases them, I will release. ",0,situation country taken care
trump,"I will say this. We have a situation in this country that has to be taken care of. I will release my tax returns -- against my lawyer's wishes -- when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted. As soon as she releases them, I will release. ",0,release tax returns lawyers wishes releases 33000 e mails deleted
trump,"I will say this. We have a situation in this country that has to be taken care of. I will release my tax returns -- against my lawyer's wishes -- when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted. As soon as she releases them, I will release. ",0,soon releases release
trump,"I will release my tax returns. And that's against -- my lawyers, they say, ""Don't do it."" I will tell you this. No -- in fact, watching shows, they're reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don't release your returns until the audit's complete. When the audit's complete, I'll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails. ",0,release tax returns
trump,"I will release my tax returns. And that's against -- my lawyers, they say, ""Don't do it."" I will tell you this. No -- in fact, watching shows, they're reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don't release your returns until the audit's complete. When the audit's complete, I'll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails. ",0,lawyers say
trump,"I will release my tax returns. And that's against -- my lawyers, they say, ""Don't do it."" I will tell you this. No -- in fact, watching shows, they're reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don't release your returns until the audit's complete. When the audit's complete, I'll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails. ",0,tell
trump,"I will release my tax returns. And that's against -- my lawyers, they say, ""Don't do it."" I will tell you this. No -- in fact, watching shows, they're reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don't release your returns until the audit's complete. When the audit's complete, I'll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails. ",0,fact watching shows theyre reading papers
trump,"I will release my tax returns. And that's against -- my lawyers, they say, ""Don't do it."" I will tell you this. No -- in fact, watching shows, they're reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don't release your returns until the audit's complete. When the audit's complete, I'll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails. ",0,almost every lawyer says release returns audits complete
trump,"I will release my tax returns. And that's against -- my lawyers, they say, ""Don't do it."" I will tell you this. No -- in fact, watching shows, they're reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don't release your returns until the audit's complete. When the audit's complete, I'll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails. ",0,audits complete ill
trump,"I will release my tax returns. And that's against -- my lawyers, they say, ""Don't do it."" I will tell you this. No -- in fact, watching shows, they're reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don't release your returns until the audit's complete. When the audit's complete, I'll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails. ",0,would go releases e mails
clinton," Well, I think you've seen another example of bait-and- switch here. For 40 years, everyone running for president has released their tax returns. You can go and see nearly, I think, 39, 40 years of our tax returns, but everyone has done it. We know the IRS has made clear there is no prohibition on releasing it when you're under audit. ",1,well think youve seen another example bait switch
clinton," Well, I think you've seen another example of bait-and- switch here. For 40 years, everyone running for president has released their tax returns. You can go and see nearly, I think, 39, 40 years of our tax returns, but everyone has done it. We know the IRS has made clear there is no prohibition on releasing it when you're under audit. ",1,40 years everyone running president released tax returns
clinton," Well, I think you've seen another example of bait-and- switch here. For 40 years, everyone running for president has released their tax returns. You can go and see nearly, I think, 39, 40 years of our tax returns, but everyone has done it. We know the IRS has made clear there is no prohibition on releasing it when you're under audit. ",1,go see nearly think 39 40 years tax returns everyone done
clinton," Well, I think you've seen another example of bait-and- switch here. For 40 years, everyone running for president has released their tax returns. You can go and see nearly, I think, 39, 40 years of our tax returns, but everyone has done it. We know the IRS has made clear there is no prohibition on releasing it when you're under audit. ",1,know irs made clear prohibition releasing youre audit
clinton,"So you've got to ask yourself, why won't he release his tax returns? And I think there may be a couple of reasons. First, maybe he's not as rich as he says he is. Second, maybe he's not as charitable as he claims to be. ",1,youve got ask wont release tax returns
clinton,"So you've got to ask yourself, why won't he release his tax returns? And I think there may be a couple of reasons. First, maybe he's not as rich as he says he is. Second, maybe he's not as charitable as he claims to be. ",1,think may couple reasons
clinton,"So you've got to ask yourself, why won't he release his tax returns? And I think there may be a couple of reasons. First, maybe he's not as rich as he says he is. Second, maybe he's not as charitable as he claims to be. ",1,first maybe hes rich says
clinton,"So you've got to ask yourself, why won't he release his tax returns? And I think there may be a couple of reasons. First, maybe he's not as rich as he says he is. Second, maybe he's not as charitable as he claims to be. ",1,second maybe hes charitable claims
clinton," Third, we don't know all of his business dealings, but we have been told through investigative reporting that he owes about $650 million to Wall Street and foreign banks. Or maybe he doesn't want the American people, all of you watching tonight, to know that he's paid nothing in federal taxes, because the only years that anybody's ever seen were a couple of years when he had to turn them over to state authorities when he was trying to get a casino license, and they showed he didn't pay any federal income tax. ",1,third know business dealings told investigative reporting owes $650 million wall street foreign banks
clinton," Third, we don't know all of his business dealings, but we have been told through investigative reporting that he owes about $650 million to Wall Street and foreign banks. Or maybe he doesn't want the American people, all of you watching tonight, to know that he's paid nothing in federal taxes, because the only years that anybody's ever seen were a couple of years when he had to turn them over to state authorities when he was trying to get a casino license, and they showed he didn't pay any federal income tax. ",1,maybe doesnt want american people watching tonight know hes paid nothing federal taxes years anybodys ever seen couple years turn state authorities trying casino license showed didnt pay federal income tax
trump, That makes me smart. [Interruption],0,makes smart
trump, That makes me smart. [Interruption],0,interruption
clinton," So if he's paid zero, that means zero for troops, zero for vets, zero for schools or health. And I think probably he's not all that enthusiastic about having the rest of our country see what the real reasons are, because it must be something really important, even terrible, that he's trying to hide.",1,hes paid zero means zero troops zero vets zero schools health
clinton," So if he's paid zero, that means zero for troops, zero for vets, zero for schools or health. And I think probably he's not all that enthusiastic about having the rest of our country see what the real reasons are, because it must be something really important, even terrible, that he's trying to hide.",1,think probably hes enthusiastic rest country see real reasons must something really important even terrible hes trying hide
clinton,"And the financial disclosure statements, they don't give you the tax rate. They don't give you all the details that tax returns would. And it just seems to me that this is something that the American people deserve to see. And I have no reason to believe that he's ever going to release his tax returns, because there's something he's hiding. ",1,financial disclosure statements give tax rate
clinton,"And the financial disclosure statements, they don't give you the tax rate. They don't give you all the details that tax returns would. And it just seems to me that this is something that the American people deserve to see. And I have no reason to believe that he's ever going to release his tax returns, because there's something he's hiding. ",1,give details tax returns would
clinton,"And the financial disclosure statements, they don't give you the tax rate. They don't give you all the details that tax returns would. And it just seems to me that this is something that the American people deserve to see. And I have no reason to believe that he's ever going to release his tax returns, because there's something he's hiding. ",1,seems something american people deserve see
clinton,"And the financial disclosure statements, they don't give you the tax rate. They don't give you all the details that tax returns would. And it just seems to me that this is something that the American people deserve to see. And I have no reason to believe that he's ever going to release his tax returns, because there's something he's hiding. ",1,reason believe hes ever going release tax returns theres something hes hiding
clinton,"And we'll guess. We'll keep guessing at what it might be that he's hiding. But I think the question is, were he ever to get near the White House, what would be those conflicts? Who does he owe money to? Well, he owes you the answers to that, and he should provide them. ",1,well guess
clinton,"And we'll guess. We'll keep guessing at what it might be that he's hiding. But I think the question is, were he ever to get near the White House, what would be those conflicts? Who does he owe money to? Well, he owes you the answers to that, and he should provide them. ",1,well keep guessing might hes hiding
clinton,"And we'll guess. We'll keep guessing at what it might be that he's hiding. But I think the question is, were he ever to get near the White House, what would be those conflicts? Who does he owe money to? Well, he owes you the answers to that, and he should provide them. ",1,think question ever near white house would conflicts
clinton,"And we'll guess. We'll keep guessing at what it might be that he's hiding. But I think the question is, were he ever to get near the White House, what would be those conflicts? Who does he owe money to? Well, he owes you the answers to that, and he should provide them. ",1,owe money
clinton,"And we'll guess. We'll keep guessing at what it might be that he's hiding. But I think the question is, were he ever to get near the White House, what would be those conflicts? Who does he owe money to? Well, he owes you the answers to that, and he should provide them. ",1,well owes answers provide
clinton," I do. You know, I made a mistake using a private e- mail. TRUMP: That's for sure. ",1,know made mistake using private e mail
clinton," I do. You know, I made a mistake using a private e- mail. TRUMP: That's for sure. ",1,trump sure
clinton," And if I had to do it over again, I would, obviously, do it differently. But I'm not going to make any excuses. It was a mistake, and I take responsibility for that. ",1,would obviously differently
clinton," And if I had to do it over again, I would, obviously, do it differently. But I'm not going to make any excuses. It was a mistake, and I take responsibility for that. ",1,going make excuses
clinton," And if I had to do it over again, I would, obviously, do it differently. But I'm not going to make any excuses. It was a mistake, and I take responsibility for that. ",1,mistake take responsibility
trump," That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's -- really thinks it's disgraceful, also. ",0,mistake
trump," That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's -- really thinks it's disgraceful, also. ",0,done purposely
trump," That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's -- really thinks it's disgraceful, also. ",0,ok
trump," That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's -- really thinks it's disgraceful, also. ",0,mistake
trump," That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's -- really thinks it's disgraceful, also. ",0,done purposely
trump," That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's -- really thinks it's disgraceful, also. ",0,staff taking fifth amendment taking fifth theyre prosecuted man set illegal server taking fifth think disgraceful
trump," That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's -- really thinks it's disgraceful, also. ",0,believe country thinks really thinks disgraceful also
trump,"As far as my tax returns, you don't learn that much from tax returns. That I can tell you. You learn a lot from financial disclosure. And you should go down and take a look at that. ",0,far tax returns learn much tax returns
trump,"As far as my tax returns, you don't learn that much from tax returns. That I can tell you. You learn a lot from financial disclosure. And you should go down and take a look at that. ",0,tell
trump,"As far as my tax returns, you don't learn that much from tax returns. That I can tell you. You learn a lot from financial disclosure. And you should go down and take a look at that. ",0,learn lot financial disclosure
trump,"As far as my tax returns, you don't learn that much from tax returns. That I can tell you. You learn a lot from financial disclosure. And you should go down and take a look at that. ",0,go take look
trump,"The other thing, I'm extremely underleveraged. The report that said $650 -- which, by the way, a lot of friends of mine that know my business say, boy, that's really not a lot of money. It's not a lot of money relative to what I had. ",0,thing extremely underleveraged
trump,"The other thing, I'm extremely underleveraged. The report that said $650 -- which, by the way, a lot of friends of mine that know my business say, boy, that's really not a lot of money. It's not a lot of money relative to what I had. ",0,report said $650 way lot friends mine know business say boy really lot money
trump,"The other thing, I'm extremely underleveraged. The report that said $650 -- which, by the way, a lot of friends of mine that know my business say, boy, that's really not a lot of money. It's not a lot of money relative to what I had. ",0,lot money relative
trump,"The buildings that were in question, they said in the same report, which was -- actually, it wasn't even a bad story, to be honest with you, but the buildings are worth $3.9 billion. And the $650 isn't even on that. But it's not $650. It's much less than that. ",0,buildings question said report actually wasnt even bad story honest buildings worth $39 billion
trump,"The buildings that were in question, they said in the same report, which was -- actually, it wasn't even a bad story, to be honest with you, but the buildings are worth $3.9 billion. And the $650 isn't even on that. But it's not $650. It's much less than that. ",0,$650 isnt even
trump,"The buildings that were in question, they said in the same report, which was -- actually, it wasn't even a bad story, to be honest with you, but the buildings are worth $3.9 billion. And the $650 isn't even on that. But it's not $650. It's much less than that. ",0,$650
trump,"The buildings that were in question, they said in the same report, which was -- actually, it wasn't even a bad story, to be honest with you, but the buildings are worth $3.9 billion. And the $650 isn't even on that. But it's not $650. It's much less than that. ",0,much less
trump,"But I could give you a list of banks, I would -- if that would help you, I would give you a list of banks. These are very fine institutions, very fine banks. I could do that very quickly. ",0,could give list banks would would help would give list banks
trump,"But I could give you a list of banks, I would -- if that would help you, I would give you a list of banks. These are very fine institutions, very fine banks. I could do that very quickly. ",0,fine institutions fine banks
trump,"But I could give you a list of banks, I would -- if that would help you, I would give you a list of banks. These are very fine institutions, very fine banks. I could do that very quickly. ",0,could quickly
trump,I am very underleveraged. I have a great company. I have a tremendous income. And the reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way. It's because it's about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money. ,0,underleveraged
trump,I am very underleveraged. I have a great company. I have a tremendous income. And the reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way. It's because it's about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money. ,0,great company
trump,I am very underleveraged. I have a great company. I have a tremendous income. And the reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way. It's because it's about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money. ,0,tremendous income
trump,I am very underleveraged. I have a great company. I have a tremendous income. And the reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way. It's because it's about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money. ,0,reason say braggadocios way
trump,I am very underleveraged. I have a great company. I have a tremendous income. And the reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way. It's because it's about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money. ,0,time country somebody running idea money
trump,"When we have $20 trillion in debt, and our country's a mess, you know, it's one thing to have $20 trillion in debt and our roads are good and our bridges are good and everything's in great shape, our airports. Our airports are like from a third world country. ",0,$20 trillion debt countrys mess know one thing $20 trillion debt roads good bridges good everythings great shape airports
trump,"When we have $20 trillion in debt, and our country's a mess, you know, it's one thing to have $20 trillion in debt and our roads are good and our bridges are good and everything's in great shape, our airports. Our airports are like from a third world country. ",0,airports like third world country
trump,"You land at LaGuardia, you land at Kennedy, you land at LAX, you land at Newark, and you come in from Dubai and Qatar and you see these incredible -- you come in from China, you see these incredible airports, and you land -- we've become a third world country. ",0,land laguardia land kennedy land lax land newark come dubai qatar see incredible come china see incredible airports land weve become third world country
trump,"So the worst of all things has happened. We owe $20 trillion, and we're a mess. We haven't even started. And we've spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, according to a report that I just saw. Whether it's 6 or 5, but it looks like it's 6, $6 trillion in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country twice. ",0,worst things happened
trump,"So the worst of all things has happened. We owe $20 trillion, and we're a mess. We haven't even started. And we've spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, according to a report that I just saw. Whether it's 6 or 5, but it looks like it's 6, $6 trillion in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country twice. ",0,owe $20 trillion mess
trump,"So the worst of all things has happened. We owe $20 trillion, and we're a mess. We haven't even started. And we've spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, according to a report that I just saw. Whether it's 6 or 5, but it looks like it's 6, $6 trillion in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country twice. ",0,havent even started
trump,"So the worst of all things has happened. We owe $20 trillion, and we're a mess. We haven't even started. And we've spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, according to a report that I just saw. Whether it's 6 or 5, but it looks like it's 6, $6 trillion in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country twice. ",0,weve spent $6 trillion middle east according report saw
trump,"So the worst of all things has happened. We owe $20 trillion, and we're a mess. We haven't even started. And we've spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, according to a report that I just saw. Whether it's 6 or 5, but it looks like it's 6, $6 trillion in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country twice. ",0,whether 6 5 looks like 6 $6 trillion middle east could rebuilt country twice
trump,"And it's really a shame. And it's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We're a debtor nation. We're a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don't have the money, because it's been squandered on so many of your ideas. ",0,really shame
trump,"And it's really a shame. And it's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We're a debtor nation. We're a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don't have the money, because it's been squandered on so many of your ideas. ",0,politicians like secretary clinton caused problem
trump,"And it's really a shame. And it's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We're a debtor nation. We're a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don't have the money, because it's been squandered on so many of your ideas. ",0,country tremendous problems
trump,"And it's really a shame. And it's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We're a debtor nation. We're a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don't have the money, because it's been squandered on so many of your ideas. ",0,debtor nation
trump,"And it's really a shame. And it's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We're a debtor nation. We're a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don't have the money, because it's been squandered on so many of your ideas. ",0,serious debtor nation
trump,"And it's really a shame. And it's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We're a debtor nation. We're a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don't have the money, because it's been squandered on so many of your ideas. ",0,country needs new roads new tunnels new bridges new airports new schools new hospitals
trump,"And it's really a shame. And it's politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We're a debtor nation. We're a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don't have the money, because it's been squandered on so many of your ideas. ",0,money squandered many ideas
clinton, And maybe because you haven't paid any federal income tax for a lot of years. (APPLAUSE),1,maybe havent paid federal income tax lot years
clinton, And maybe because you haven't paid any federal income tax for a lot of years. (APPLAUSE),1,applause
clinton,And the other thing I think is important...,1,thing think important
trump," It would be squandered, too, believe me. ",0,would squandered believe
clinton," ... is if your -- if your main claim to be president of the United States is your business, then I think we should talk about that. You know, your campaign manager said that you built a lot of businesses on the backs of little guys. ",1,main claim president united states business think talk
clinton," ... is if your -- if your main claim to be president of the United States is your business, then I think we should talk about that. You know, your campaign manager said that you built a lot of businesses on the backs of little guys. ",1,know campaign manager said built lot businesses backs little guys
clinton,"And, indeed, I have met a lot of the people who were stiffed by you and your businesses, Donald. I've met dishwashers, painters, architects, glass installers, marble installers, drapery installers, like my dad was, who you refused to pay when they finished the work that you asked them to do. ",1,indeed met lot people stiffed businesses donald
clinton,"And, indeed, I have met a lot of the people who were stiffed by you and your businesses, Donald. I've met dishwashers, painters, architects, glass installers, marble installers, drapery installers, like my dad was, who you refused to pay when they finished the work that you asked them to do. ",1,ive met dishwashers painters architects glass installers marble installers drapery installers like dad refused pay finished work asked
clinton,"We have an architect in the audience who designed one of your clubhouses at one of your golf courses. It's a beautiful facility. It immediately was put to use. And you wouldn't pay what the man needed to be paid, what he was charging you to do...",1,architect audience designed one clubhouses one golf courses
clinton,"We have an architect in the audience who designed one of your clubhouses at one of your golf courses. It's a beautiful facility. It immediately was put to use. And you wouldn't pay what the man needed to be paid, what he was charging you to do...",1,beautiful facility
clinton,"We have an architect in the audience who designed one of your clubhouses at one of your golf courses. It's a beautiful facility. It immediately was put to use. And you wouldn't pay what the man needed to be paid, what he was charging you to do...",1,immediately put use
clinton,"We have an architect in the audience who designed one of your clubhouses at one of your golf courses. It's a beautiful facility. It immediately was put to use. And you wouldn't pay what the man needed to be paid, what he was charging you to do...",1,wouldnt pay man needed paid charging
trump, Maybe he didn't do a good job and I was unsatisfied with his work...,0,maybe didnt good job unsatisfied work
clinton," Well, to...",1,well
trump," Which our country should do, too. ",0,country
clinton," Do the thousands of people that you have stiffed over the course of your business not deserve some kind of apology from someone who has taken their labor, taken the goods that they produced, and then refused to pay them? ",1,thousands people stiffed course business deserve kind apology someone taken labor taken goods produced refused pay
clinton,"I can only say that I'm certainly relieved that my late father never did business with you. He provided a good middle-class life for us, but the people he worked for, he expected the bargain to be kept on both sides. ",1,say certainly relieved late father never business
clinton,"I can only say that I'm certainly relieved that my late father never did business with you. He provided a good middle-class life for us, but the people he worked for, he expected the bargain to be kept on both sides. ",1,provided good middle class life people worked expected bargain kept sides
clinton,"And when we talk about your business, you've taken business bankruptcy six times. There are a lot of great businesspeople that have never taken bankruptcy once. You call yourself the King of Debt. You talk about leverage. You even at one time suggested that you would try to negotiate down the national debt of the United States. ",1,talk business youve taken business bankruptcy six times
clinton,"And when we talk about your business, you've taken business bankruptcy six times. There are a lot of great businesspeople that have never taken bankruptcy once. You call yourself the King of Debt. You talk about leverage. You even at one time suggested that you would try to negotiate down the national debt of the United States. ",1,lot great businesspeople never taken bankruptcy
clinton,"And when we talk about your business, you've taken business bankruptcy six times. There are a lot of great businesspeople that have never taken bankruptcy once. You call yourself the King of Debt. You talk about leverage. You even at one time suggested that you would try to negotiate down the national debt of the United States. ",1,call king debt
clinton,"And when we talk about your business, you've taken business bankruptcy six times. There are a lot of great businesspeople that have never taken bankruptcy once. You call yourself the King of Debt. You talk about leverage. You even at one time suggested that you would try to negotiate down the national debt of the United States. ",1,talk leverage
clinton,"And when we talk about your business, you've taken business bankruptcy six times. There are a lot of great businesspeople that have never taken bankruptcy once. You call yourself the King of Debt. You talk about leverage. You even at one time suggested that you would try to negotiate down the national debt of the United States. ",1,even one time suggested would try negotiate national debt united states
trump, Wrong. Wrong. ,0,wrong
trump, Wrong. Wrong. ,0,wrong
clinton," Well, sometimes there's not a direct transfer of skills from business to government, but sometimes what happened in business would be really bad for government. ",1,well sometimes theres direct transfer skills business government sometimes happened business would really bad government
clinton, And we need to be very clear about that.,1,need clear
trump," So, yeah, I think -- I do think it's time. Look, it's all words, it's all sound bites. I built an unbelievable company. Some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, real estate assets anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, lots of different places. It's an unbelievable company. ",0,yeah think think time
trump," So, yeah, I think -- I do think it's time. Look, it's all words, it's all sound bites. I built an unbelievable company. Some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, real estate assets anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, lots of different places. It's an unbelievable company. ",0,look words sound bites
trump," So, yeah, I think -- I do think it's time. Look, it's all words, it's all sound bites. I built an unbelievable company. Some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, real estate assets anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, lots of different places. It's an unbelievable company. ",0,built unbelievable company
trump," So, yeah, I think -- I do think it's time. Look, it's all words, it's all sound bites. I built an unbelievable company. Some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, real estate assets anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, lots of different places. It's an unbelievable company. ",0,greatest assets anywhere world real estate assets anywhere world beyond united states europe lots different places
trump," So, yeah, I think -- I do think it's time. Look, it's all words, it's all sound bites. I built an unbelievable company. Some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, real estate assets anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, lots of different places. It's an unbelievable company. ",0,unbelievable company
trump,"But on occasion, four times, we used certain laws that are there. And when Secretary Clinton talks about people that didn't get paid, first of all, they did get paid a lot, but taken advantage of the laws of the nation. ",0,occasion four times used certain laws
trump,"But on occasion, four times, we used certain laws that are there. And when Secretary Clinton talks about people that didn't get paid, first of all, they did get paid a lot, but taken advantage of the laws of the nation. ",0,secretary clinton talks people didnt paid first paid lot taken advantage laws nation
trump,"Now, if you want to change the laws, you've been there a long time, change the laws. But I take advantage of the laws of the nation because I'm running a company. My obligation right now is to do well for myself, my family, my employees, for my companies. And that's what I do. ",0,want change laws youve long time change laws
trump,"Now, if you want to change the laws, you've been there a long time, change the laws. But I take advantage of the laws of the nation because I'm running a company. My obligation right now is to do well for myself, my family, my employees, for my companies. And that's what I do. ",0,take advantage laws nation running company
trump,"Now, if you want to change the laws, you've been there a long time, change the laws. But I take advantage of the laws of the nation because I'm running a company. My obligation right now is to do well for myself, my family, my employees, for my companies. And that's what I do. ",0,obligation right well family employees companies
trump,"But what she doesn't say is that tens of thousands of people that are unbelievably happy and that love me. I'll give you an example. We're just opening up on Pennsylvania Avenue right next to the White House, so if I don't get there one way, I'm going to get to Pennsylvania Avenue another. ",0,doesnt say tens thousands people unbelievably happy love
trump,"But what she doesn't say is that tens of thousands of people that are unbelievably happy and that love me. I'll give you an example. We're just opening up on Pennsylvania Avenue right next to the White House, so if I don't get there one way, I'm going to get to Pennsylvania Avenue another. ",0,ill give example
trump,"But what she doesn't say is that tens of thousands of people that are unbelievably happy and that love me. I'll give you an example. We're just opening up on Pennsylvania Avenue right next to the White House, so if I don't get there one way, I'm going to get to Pennsylvania Avenue another. ",0,opening pennsylvania avenue right next white house one way going pennsylvania avenue another
trump,"But we're opening the Old Post Office. Under budget, ahead of schedule, saved tremendous money. I'm a year ahead of schedule. And that's what this country should be doing. ",0,opening old post office
trump,"But we're opening the Old Post Office. Under budget, ahead of schedule, saved tremendous money. I'm a year ahead of schedule. And that's what this country should be doing. ",0,budget ahead schedule saved tremendous money
trump,"But we're opening the Old Post Office. Under budget, ahead of schedule, saved tremendous money. I'm a year ahead of schedule. And that's what this country should be doing. ",0,year ahead schedule
trump,"But we're opening the Old Post Office. Under budget, ahead of schedule, saved tremendous money. I'm a year ahead of schedule. And that's what this country should be doing. ",0,country
trump,"We build roads and they cost two and three and four times what they're supposed to cost. We buy products for our military and they come in at costs that are so far above what they were supposed to be, because we don't have people that know what they're doing. ",0,build roads cost two three four times theyre supposed cost
trump,"We build roads and they cost two and three and four times what they're supposed to cost. We buy products for our military and they come in at costs that are so far above what they were supposed to be, because we don't have people that know what they're doing. ",0,buy products military come costs far supposed people know theyre
trump,"When we look at the budget, the budget is bad to a large extent because we have people that have no idea as to what to do and how to buy. The Trump International is way under budget and way ahead of schedule. And we should be able to do that for our country. ",0,look budget budget bad large extent people idea buy
trump,"When we look at the budget, the budget is bad to a large extent because we have people that have no idea as to what to do and how to buy. The Trump International is way under budget and way ahead of schedule. And we should be able to do that for our country. ",0,trump international way budget way ahead schedule
trump,"When we look at the budget, the budget is bad to a large extent because we have people that have no idea as to what to do and how to buy. The Trump International is way under budget and way ahead of schedule. And we should be able to do that for our country. ",0,able country
clinton," Well, you're right. Race remains a significant challenge in our country. Unfortunately, race still determines too much, often determines where people live, determines what kind of education in their public schools they can get, and, yes, it determines how they're treated in the criminal justice system. We've just seen those two tragic examples in both Tulsa and Charlotte. ",1,well youre right
clinton," Well, you're right. Race remains a significant challenge in our country. Unfortunately, race still determines too much, often determines where people live, determines what kind of education in their public schools they can get, and, yes, it determines how they're treated in the criminal justice system. We've just seen those two tragic examples in both Tulsa and Charlotte. ",1,race remains significant challenge country
clinton," Well, you're right. Race remains a significant challenge in our country. Unfortunately, race still determines too much, often determines where people live, determines what kind of education in their public schools they can get, and, yes, it determines how they're treated in the criminal justice system. We've just seen those two tragic examples in both Tulsa and Charlotte. ",1,unfortunately race still determines much often determines people live determines kind education public schools yes determines theyre treated criminal justice system
clinton," Well, you're right. Race remains a significant challenge in our country. Unfortunately, race still determines too much, often determines where people live, determines what kind of education in their public schools they can get, and, yes, it determines how they're treated in the criminal justice system. We've just seen those two tragic examples in both Tulsa and Charlotte. ",1,weve seen two tragic examples tulsa charlotte
clinton,"And we've got to do several things at the same time. We have to restore trust between communities and the police. We have to work to make sure that our police are using the best training, the best techniques, that they're well prepared to use force only when necessary. Everyone should be respected by the law, and everyone should respect the law.",1,weve got several things time
clinton,"And we've got to do several things at the same time. We have to restore trust between communities and the police. We have to work to make sure that our police are using the best training, the best techniques, that they're well prepared to use force only when necessary. Everyone should be respected by the law, and everyone should respect the law.",1,restore trust communities police
clinton,"And we've got to do several things at the same time. We have to restore trust between communities and the police. We have to work to make sure that our police are using the best training, the best techniques, that they're well prepared to use force only when necessary. Everyone should be respected by the law, and everyone should respect the law.",1,work make sure police using best training best techniques theyre well prepared use force necessary
clinton,"And we've got to do several things at the same time. We have to restore trust between communities and the police. We have to work to make sure that our police are using the best training, the best techniques, that they're well prepared to use force only when necessary. Everyone should be respected by the law, and everyone should respect the law.",1,everyone respected law everyone respect law
clinton," Right now, that's not the case in a lot of our neighborhoods. So I have, ever since the first day of my campaign, called for criminal justice reform. I've laid out a platform that I think would begin to remedy some of the problems we have in the criminal justice system. But we also have to recognize, in addition to the challenges that we face with policing, there are so many good, brave police officers who equally want reform. So we have to bring communities together in order to begin working on that, as a mutual goal. ",1,right case lot neighborhoods
clinton," Right now, that's not the case in a lot of our neighborhoods. So I have, ever since the first day of my campaign, called for criminal justice reform. I've laid out a platform that I think would begin to remedy some of the problems we have in the criminal justice system. But we also have to recognize, in addition to the challenges that we face with policing, there are so many good, brave police officers who equally want reform. So we have to bring communities together in order to begin working on that, as a mutual goal. ",1,ever since first day campaign called criminal justice reform
clinton," Right now, that's not the case in a lot of our neighborhoods. So I have, ever since the first day of my campaign, called for criminal justice reform. I've laid out a platform that I think would begin to remedy some of the problems we have in the criminal justice system. But we also have to recognize, in addition to the challenges that we face with policing, there are so many good, brave police officers who equally want reform. So we have to bring communities together in order to begin working on that, as a mutual goal. ",1,ive laid platform think would begin remedy problems criminal justice system
clinton," Right now, that's not the case in a lot of our neighborhoods. So I have, ever since the first day of my campaign, called for criminal justice reform. I've laid out a platform that I think would begin to remedy some of the problems we have in the criminal justice system. But we also have to recognize, in addition to the challenges that we face with policing, there are so many good, brave police officers who equally want reform. So we have to bring communities together in order to begin working on that, as a mutual goal. ",1,also recognize addition challenges face policing many good brave police officers equally want reform
clinton," Right now, that's not the case in a lot of our neighborhoods. So I have, ever since the first day of my campaign, called for criminal justice reform. I've laid out a platform that I think would begin to remedy some of the problems we have in the criminal justice system. But we also have to recognize, in addition to the challenges that we face with policing, there are so many good, brave police officers who equally want reform. So we have to bring communities together in order to begin working on that, as a mutual goal. ",1,bring communities together order begin working mutual goal
clinton,"And we've got to get guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.",1,weve got guns hands people
clinton,"And we've got to get guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.",1,gun epidemic leading cause death young african american men next nine causes put together
clinton,"So we have to do two things, as I said. We have to restore trust. We have to work with the police. We have to make sure they respect the communities and the communities respect them. And we have to tackle the plague of gun violence, which is a big contributor to a lot of the problems that were seeing today.",1,two things said
clinton,"So we have to do two things, as I said. We have to restore trust. We have to work with the police. We have to make sure they respect the communities and the communities respect them. And we have to tackle the plague of gun violence, which is a big contributor to a lot of the problems that were seeing today.",1,restore trust
clinton,"So we have to do two things, as I said. We have to restore trust. We have to work with the police. We have to make sure they respect the communities and the communities respect them. And we have to tackle the plague of gun violence, which is a big contributor to a lot of the problems that were seeing today.",1,work police
clinton,"So we have to do two things, as I said. We have to restore trust. We have to work with the police. We have to make sure they respect the communities and the communities respect them. And we have to tackle the plague of gun violence, which is a big contributor to a lot of the problems that were seeing today.",1,make sure respect communities communities respect
clinton,"So we have to do two things, as I said. We have to restore trust. We have to work with the police. We have to make sure they respect the communities and the communities respect them. And we have to tackle the plague of gun violence, which is a big contributor to a lot of the problems that were seeing today.",1,tackle plague gun violence big contributor lot problems were seeing today
trump," First of all, Secretary Clinton doesn't want to use a couple of words. And that's law and order. And we need law and order. If we don't have it, we're not going to have a country. And when I look at what's going on in Charlotte, a city I love, city where I have investments, when I look at what's going on throughout various parts of our country -- I can just keep naming them all day long -- we need law and order in our country. ",0,first secretary clinton doesnt want use couple words
trump," First of all, Secretary Clinton doesn't want to use a couple of words. And that's law and order. And we need law and order. If we don't have it, we're not going to have a country. And when I look at what's going on in Charlotte, a city I love, city where I have investments, when I look at what's going on throughout various parts of our country -- I can just keep naming them all day long -- we need law and order in our country. ",0,law order
trump," First of all, Secretary Clinton doesn't want to use a couple of words. And that's law and order. And we need law and order. If we don't have it, we're not going to have a country. And when I look at what's going on in Charlotte, a city I love, city where I have investments, when I look at what's going on throughout various parts of our country -- I can just keep naming them all day long -- we need law and order in our country. ",0,need law order
trump," First of all, Secretary Clinton doesn't want to use a couple of words. And that's law and order. And we need law and order. If we don't have it, we're not going to have a country. And when I look at what's going on in Charlotte, a city I love, city where I have investments, when I look at what's going on throughout various parts of our country -- I can just keep naming them all day long -- we need law and order in our country. ",0,going country
trump," First of all, Secretary Clinton doesn't want to use a couple of words. And that's law and order. And we need law and order. If we don't have it, we're not going to have a country. And when I look at what's going on in Charlotte, a city I love, city where I have investments, when I look at what's going on throughout various parts of our country -- I can just keep naming them all day long -- we need law and order in our country. ",0,look whats going charlotte city love city investments look whats going throughout various parts country keep naming day long need law order country
trump,"And I just got today, as you know, the endorsement of the Fraternal Order of Police, it just came in. We have endorsements from, I think, almost every police group, very -- I mean, a large percentage of them in the United States. We have a situation where we have our inner cities, African-Americans, Hispanics, are living in hell, because it's so dangerous. ",0,got today know endorsement fraternal order police came
trump,"And I just got today, as you know, the endorsement of the Fraternal Order of Police, it just came in. We have endorsements from, I think, almost every police group, very -- I mean, a large percentage of them in the United States. We have a situation where we have our inner cities, African-Americans, Hispanics, are living in hell, because it's so dangerous. ",0,endorsements think almost every police group mean large percentage united states
trump,"And I just got today, as you know, the endorsement of the Fraternal Order of Police, it just came in. We have endorsements from, I think, almost every police group, very -- I mean, a large percentage of them in the United States. We have a situation where we have our inner cities, African-Americans, Hispanics, are living in hell, because it's so dangerous. ",0,situation inner cities african americans hispanics living hell dangerous
trump," You walk down the street, you get shot. In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands, since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I say, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence, we have to bring back law and order, in a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed. Thousands, over the last number of years. ",0,walk street shot
trump," You walk down the street, you get shot. In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands, since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I say, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence, we have to bring back law and order, in a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed. Thousands, over the last number of years. ",0,chicago theyve thousands shootings thousands since january 1st
trump," You walk down the street, you get shot. In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands, since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I say, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence, we have to bring back law and order, in a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed. Thousands, over the last number of years. ",0,thousands shootings
trump," You walk down the street, you get shot. In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands, since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I say, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence, we have to bring back law and order, in a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed. Thousands, over the last number of years. ",0,say
trump," You walk down the street, you get shot. In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands, since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I say, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence, we have to bring back law and order, in a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed. Thousands, over the last number of years. ",0,war torn country
trump," You walk down the street, you get shot. In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands, since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I say, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence, we have to bring back law and order, in a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed. Thousands, over the last number of years. ",0,stop violence bring back law order place like chicago thousands people killed
trump," You walk down the street, you get shot. In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands, since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I say, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence, we have to bring back law and order, in a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed. Thousands, over the last number of years. ",0,thousands last number years
trump,"In fact, almost 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president. Over 4 -- almost 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. We have to bring back law and order. Now, whether or not in a place like Chicago, you do stop and frisk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, it worked very well in New York. It brought the crime rate way down, but you take the gun away from criminals that shouldn't be having it. ",0,fact almost 4000 killed since barack obama became president
trump,"In fact, almost 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president. Over 4 -- almost 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. We have to bring back law and order. Now, whether or not in a place like Chicago, you do stop and frisk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, it worked very well in New York. It brought the crime rate way down, but you take the gun away from criminals that shouldn't be having it. ",0,4 almost 4000 people chicago killed
trump,"In fact, almost 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president. Over 4 -- almost 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. We have to bring back law and order. Now, whether or not in a place like Chicago, you do stop and frisk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, it worked very well in New York. It brought the crime rate way down, but you take the gun away from criminals that shouldn't be having it. ",0,bring back law order
trump,"In fact, almost 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president. Over 4 -- almost 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. We have to bring back law and order. Now, whether or not in a place like Chicago, you do stop and frisk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, it worked very well in New York. It brought the crime rate way down, but you take the gun away from criminals that shouldn't be having it. ",0,whether place like chicago stop frisk worked well mayor giuliani worked well new york
trump,"In fact, almost 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president. Over 4 -- almost 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. We have to bring back law and order. Now, whether or not in a place like Chicago, you do stop and frisk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, it worked very well in New York. It brought the crime rate way down, but you take the gun away from criminals that shouldn't be having it. ",0,brought crime rate way take gun away criminals shouldnt
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,gangs roaming street
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,many cases theyre illegally illegal immigrants
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,guns
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,shoot people
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,strong
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,vigilant
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,know
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,right police many cases afraid anything
trump,"We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they're illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be -- we have to know what we're doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime. ",0,protect inner cities african american communities decimated crime
trump," No, you're wrong. It went before a judge who was a very against police judge. It was taken away from her and our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places -- ",0,youre wrong
trump," No, you're wrong. It went before a judge who was a very against police judge. It was taken away from her and our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places -- ",0,went judge police judge
trump," No, you're wrong. It went before a judge who was a very against police judge. It was taken away from her and our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places -- ",0,taken away mayor new mayor refused go forward case
trump," No, you're wrong. It went before a judge who was a very against police judge. It was taken away from her and our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places -- ",0,would appeal
trump," No, you're wrong. It went before a judge who was a very against police judge. It was taken away from her and our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places -- ",0,look throughout country many places
trump," No, the argument is that we have to take the guns away from these people that have them and that are bad people that shouldnt have them. These are felons, these are people that are bad people that shouldn't be -- when you have 3,000 shootings in Chicago, from January 1st, when you have 4,000 people killed in Chicago by guns, from the beginning of the presidency of Barack Obama, his hometown, you have to have stop and frisk. ",0,argument take guns away people bad people shouldnt
trump," No, the argument is that we have to take the guns away from these people that have them and that are bad people that shouldnt have them. These are felons, these are people that are bad people that shouldn't be -- when you have 3,000 shootings in Chicago, from January 1st, when you have 4,000 people killed in Chicago by guns, from the beginning of the presidency of Barack Obama, his hometown, you have to have stop and frisk. ",0,felons people bad people shouldnt 3000 shootings chicago january 1st 4000 people killed chicago guns beginning presidency barack obama hometown stop frisk
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,need police need better community know relation
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,good community relations chicago
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,terrible
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,property
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,terrible whats going chicago
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,look chicagos go ferguson go many different places
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,need better relationships agree secretary clinton need better relationships communities police
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,cases good
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,look dallas relationships really studied relationships really beautiful thing five police officers killed one night violently
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,theres bad things going
trump,"You need more police, you need a better community, you know, relation. You don't have good community relations in Chicago. It's terrible. I have property there. It's terrible whats going on in Chicago. But when when you look -- and Chicago's not the only -- you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships -- I agree with Secretary Clinton on this -- you need better relationships between the communities and the police. Because in some cases it's not good. But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there's some bad things going on. Some really bad things.",0,really bad things
trump," Lester, we need law and order. We need law and order in the inner cities. Because the people that are most affected by what's happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it's very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen. ",0,lester need law order
trump," Lester, we need law and order. We need law and order in the inner cities. Because the people that are most affected by what's happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it's very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen. ",0,need law order inner cities
trump," Lester, we need law and order. We need law and order in the inner cities. Because the people that are most affected by what's happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it's very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen. ",0,people affected whats happening african american hispanic people
trump," Lester, we need law and order. We need law and order in the inner cities. Because the people that are most affected by what's happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it's very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen. ",0,unfair politicians allowing happen
clinton," Well, I've heard Donald say this at his rallies, and it's really unfortunate that he paints such a dire negative picture of black communities in our country. ",1,well ive heard donald say rallies really unfortunate paints dire negative picture black communities country
trump, [Groan],0,groan
clinton," The vibrancy of the black church, the black businesses that employ so many people, the opportunities that so many families are working to provide for their kids. There's a lot that we should be proud of and we should be supporting and lifting up. But we do always have to make sure we keep people safe.",1,vibrancy black church black businesses employ many people opportunities many families working provide kids
clinton," The vibrancy of the black church, the black businesses that employ so many people, the opportunities that so many families are working to provide for their kids. There's a lot that we should be proud of and we should be supporting and lifting up. But we do always have to make sure we keep people safe.",1,theres lot proud supporting lifting
clinton," The vibrancy of the black church, the black businesses that employ so many people, the opportunities that so many families are working to provide for their kids. There's a lot that we should be proud of and we should be supporting and lifting up. But we do always have to make sure we keep people safe.",1,always make sure keep people safe
clinton,"There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are ways that are ineffective. Stop and frisk was found to be unconstitutional, and in part because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I believe in community policing, and in fact violent crime is one half of what it was in 1991. Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don't want to see it creep back up. We've had 25 years of very good cooperation. ",1,right ways ways ineffective
clinton,"There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are ways that are ineffective. Stop and frisk was found to be unconstitutional, and in part because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I believe in community policing, and in fact violent crime is one half of what it was in 1991. Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don't want to see it creep back up. We've had 25 years of very good cooperation. ",1,stop frisk found unconstitutional part ineffective
clinton,"There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are ways that are ineffective. Stop and frisk was found to be unconstitutional, and in part because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I believe in community policing, and in fact violent crime is one half of what it was in 1991. Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don't want to see it creep back up. We've had 25 years of very good cooperation. ",1,needed
clinton,"There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are ways that are ineffective. Stop and frisk was found to be unconstitutional, and in part because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I believe in community policing, and in fact violent crime is one half of what it was in 1991. Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don't want to see it creep back up. We've had 25 years of very good cooperation. ",1,believe community policing fact violent crime one half 1991
clinton,"There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are ways that are ineffective. Stop and frisk was found to be unconstitutional, and in part because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I believe in community policing, and in fact violent crime is one half of what it was in 1991. Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don't want to see it creep back up. We've had 25 years of very good cooperation. ",1,property crime 40 percent
clinton,"There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are ways that are ineffective. Stop and frisk was found to be unconstitutional, and in part because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I believe in community policing, and in fact violent crime is one half of what it was in 1991. Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don't want to see it creep back up. We've had 25 years of very good cooperation. ",1,want see creep back
clinton,"There are the right ways of doing it, and then there are ways that are ineffective. Stop and frisk was found to be unconstitutional, and in part because it was ineffective. It did not do what it needed to do. Now, I believe in community policing, and in fact violent crime is one half of what it was in 1991. Property crime is down 40 percent. We just don't want to see it creep back up. We've had 25 years of very good cooperation. ",1,weve 25 years good cooperation
clinton," But there were some problems, some unintended consequences. Too many young African-American and Latino men ended up in jail for nonviolent offenses, and it's just a fact that if you're a young African-American man and you do the same thing as a young white man, you are more likely to be arrested, charged, convicted and incarcerated. So we've got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system. ",1,problems unintended consequences
clinton," But there were some problems, some unintended consequences. Too many young African-American and Latino men ended up in jail for nonviolent offenses, and it's just a fact that if you're a young African-American man and you do the same thing as a young white man, you are more likely to be arrested, charged, convicted and incarcerated. So we've got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system. ",1,many young african american latino men ended jail nonviolent offenses fact youre young african american man thing young white man likely arrested charged convicted incarcerated
clinton," But there were some problems, some unintended consequences. Too many young African-American and Latino men ended up in jail for nonviolent offenses, and it's just a fact that if you're a young African-American man and you do the same thing as a young white man, you are more likely to be arrested, charged, convicted and incarcerated. So we've got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system. ",1,weve got address systemic racism criminal justice system
clinton,"We cannot just say law and order. We have to say -- we have to come forward with a plan that is going to divert people from the criminal justice system, deal with mandatory minimum sentences, which have put too many people away for too long, for doing too little. We need to have more second-chance programs. I'm glad that we're ending private prisons in the federal system. I want to see them ended in the state system. You shouldn't have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with young Americans.",1,cannot say law order
clinton,"We cannot just say law and order. We have to say -- we have to come forward with a plan that is going to divert people from the criminal justice system, deal with mandatory minimum sentences, which have put too many people away for too long, for doing too little. We need to have more second-chance programs. I'm glad that we're ending private prisons in the federal system. I want to see them ended in the state system. You shouldn't have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with young Americans.",1,say come forward plan going divert people criminal justice system deal mandatory minimum sentences put many people away long little
clinton,"We cannot just say law and order. We have to say -- we have to come forward with a plan that is going to divert people from the criminal justice system, deal with mandatory minimum sentences, which have put too many people away for too long, for doing too little. We need to have more second-chance programs. I'm glad that we're ending private prisons in the federal system. I want to see them ended in the state system. You shouldn't have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with young Americans.",1,need second chance programs
clinton,"We cannot just say law and order. We have to say -- we have to come forward with a plan that is going to divert people from the criminal justice system, deal with mandatory minimum sentences, which have put too many people away for too long, for doing too little. We need to have more second-chance programs. I'm glad that we're ending private prisons in the federal system. I want to see them ended in the state system. You shouldn't have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with young Americans.",1,glad ending private prisons federal system
clinton,"We cannot just say law and order. We have to say -- we have to come forward with a plan that is going to divert people from the criminal justice system, deal with mandatory minimum sentences, which have put too many people away for too long, for doing too little. We need to have more second-chance programs. I'm glad that we're ending private prisons in the federal system. I want to see them ended in the state system. You shouldn't have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with young Americans.",1,want see ended state system
clinton,"We cannot just say law and order. We have to say -- we have to come forward with a plan that is going to divert people from the criminal justice system, deal with mandatory minimum sentences, which have put too many people away for too long, for doing too little. We need to have more second-chance programs. I'm glad that we're ending private prisons in the federal system. I want to see them ended in the state system. You shouldn't have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with young Americans.",1,shouldnt profit motivation fill prison cells young americans
clinton," So there are some positive ways we can work on this. And I believe strongly that common sense gun safety measures would assist us right now, and this is something Donald has supported along with the gun lobby. Right now weve got too many military style weapons on the streets, in a lot of places our police are outgunned. We need comprehensive background checks, and we need to keep guns out of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a prohibition on anyone who's on the terrorist watchlist from being able to buy a gun in our country. If you're too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. There are things we can do and we ought to do it in a bipartisan way. ",1,positive ways work
clinton," So there are some positive ways we can work on this. And I believe strongly that common sense gun safety measures would assist us right now, and this is something Donald has supported along with the gun lobby. Right now weve got too many military style weapons on the streets, in a lot of places our police are outgunned. We need comprehensive background checks, and we need to keep guns out of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a prohibition on anyone who's on the terrorist watchlist from being able to buy a gun in our country. If you're too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. There are things we can do and we ought to do it in a bipartisan way. ",1,believe strongly common sense gun safety measures would assist right something donald supported along gun lobby
clinton," So there are some positive ways we can work on this. And I believe strongly that common sense gun safety measures would assist us right now, and this is something Donald has supported along with the gun lobby. Right now weve got too many military style weapons on the streets, in a lot of places our police are outgunned. We need comprehensive background checks, and we need to keep guns out of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a prohibition on anyone who's on the terrorist watchlist from being able to buy a gun in our country. If you're too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. There are things we can do and we ought to do it in a bipartisan way. ",1,right weve got many military style weapons streets lot places police outgunned
clinton," So there are some positive ways we can work on this. And I believe strongly that common sense gun safety measures would assist us right now, and this is something Donald has supported along with the gun lobby. Right now weve got too many military style weapons on the streets, in a lot of places our police are outgunned. We need comprehensive background checks, and we need to keep guns out of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a prohibition on anyone who's on the terrorist watchlist from being able to buy a gun in our country. If you're too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. There are things we can do and we ought to do it in a bipartisan way. ",1,need comprehensive background checks need keep guns hands harm
clinton," So there are some positive ways we can work on this. And I believe strongly that common sense gun safety measures would assist us right now, and this is something Donald has supported along with the gun lobby. Right now weve got too many military style weapons on the streets, in a lot of places our police are outgunned. We need comprehensive background checks, and we need to keep guns out of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a prohibition on anyone who's on the terrorist watchlist from being able to buy a gun in our country. If you're too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. There are things we can do and we ought to do it in a bipartisan way. ",1,finally need pass prohibition anyone whos terrorist watchlist able buy gun country
clinton," So there are some positive ways we can work on this. And I believe strongly that common sense gun safety measures would assist us right now, and this is something Donald has supported along with the gun lobby. Right now weve got too many military style weapons on the streets, in a lot of places our police are outgunned. We need comprehensive background checks, and we need to keep guns out of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a prohibition on anyone who's on the terrorist watchlist from being able to buy a gun in our country. If you're too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. There are things we can do and we ought to do it in a bipartisan way. ",1,youre dangerous fly dangerous buy gun
clinton," So there are some positive ways we can work on this. And I believe strongly that common sense gun safety measures would assist us right now, and this is something Donald has supported along with the gun lobby. Right now weve got too many military style weapons on the streets, in a lot of places our police are outgunned. We need comprehensive background checks, and we need to keep guns out of the hands of those who will do harm. And we finally need to pass a prohibition on anyone who's on the terrorist watchlist from being able to buy a gun in our country. If you're too dangerous to fly, you are too dangerous to buy a gun. There are things we can do and we ought to do it in a bipartisan way. ",1,things ought bipartisan way
clinton," Lester, I think implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just police. I think unfortunately, too many of us in our great country, um, jump to conclusions about each other. And therefore, I think we need all of us to be asking hard questions about, you know, Why am I feeling this way? ",1,lester think implicit bias problem everyone police
clinton," Lester, I think implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just police. I think unfortunately, too many of us in our great country, um, jump to conclusions about each other. And therefore, I think we need all of us to be asking hard questions about, you know, Why am I feeling this way? ",1,think unfortunately many great country um jump conclusions
clinton," Lester, I think implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just police. I think unfortunately, too many of us in our great country, um, jump to conclusions about each other. And therefore, I think we need all of us to be asking hard questions about, you know, Why am I feeling this way? ",1,therefore think need asking hard questions know feeling way
clinton,"But when it comes to policing, since it can have, literally, fatal consequences, I have said in my first budget, we would put money into that budget to help us deal with implicit bias by retraining a lot of our police officers. I've met with a group of very distinguished, experienced police chiefs a few weeks ago. They admit it's an issue. They've got a lot of concerns. Mental health is one of the biggest concerns, because now police are having to handle a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. They want support, they want more training, they want more assistance. And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. ",1,comes policing since literally fatal consequences said first budget would put money budget help deal implicit bias retraining lot police officers
clinton,"But when it comes to policing, since it can have, literally, fatal consequences, I have said in my first budget, we would put money into that budget to help us deal with implicit bias by retraining a lot of our police officers. I've met with a group of very distinguished, experienced police chiefs a few weeks ago. They admit it's an issue. They've got a lot of concerns. Mental health is one of the biggest concerns, because now police are having to handle a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. They want support, they want more training, they want more assistance. And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. ",1,ive met group distinguished experienced police chiefs weeks ago
clinton,"But when it comes to policing, since it can have, literally, fatal consequences, I have said in my first budget, we would put money into that budget to help us deal with implicit bias by retraining a lot of our police officers. I've met with a group of very distinguished, experienced police chiefs a few weeks ago. They admit it's an issue. They've got a lot of concerns. Mental health is one of the biggest concerns, because now police are having to handle a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. They want support, they want more training, they want more assistance. And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. ",1,admit issue
clinton,"But when it comes to policing, since it can have, literally, fatal consequences, I have said in my first budget, we would put money into that budget to help us deal with implicit bias by retraining a lot of our police officers. I've met with a group of very distinguished, experienced police chiefs a few weeks ago. They admit it's an issue. They've got a lot of concerns. Mental health is one of the biggest concerns, because now police are having to handle a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. They want support, they want more training, they want more assistance. And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. ",1,theyve got lot concerns
clinton,"But when it comes to policing, since it can have, literally, fatal consequences, I have said in my first budget, we would put money into that budget to help us deal with implicit bias by retraining a lot of our police officers. I've met with a group of very distinguished, experienced police chiefs a few weeks ago. They admit it's an issue. They've got a lot of concerns. Mental health is one of the biggest concerns, because now police are having to handle a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. They want support, they want more training, they want more assistance. And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. ",1,mental health one biggest concerns police handle lot really difficult mental health problems street
clinton,"But when it comes to policing, since it can have, literally, fatal consequences, I have said in my first budget, we would put money into that budget to help us deal with implicit bias by retraining a lot of our police officers. I've met with a group of very distinguished, experienced police chiefs a few weeks ago. They admit it's an issue. They've got a lot of concerns. Mental health is one of the biggest concerns, because now police are having to handle a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. They want support, they want more training, they want more assistance. And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. ",1,want support want training want assistance
clinton,"But when it comes to policing, since it can have, literally, fatal consequences, I have said in my first budget, we would put money into that budget to help us deal with implicit bias by retraining a lot of our police officers. I've met with a group of very distinguished, experienced police chiefs a few weeks ago. They admit it's an issue. They've got a lot of concerns. Mental health is one of the biggest concerns, because now police are having to handle a lot of really difficult mental health problems on the street. They want support, they want more training, they want more assistance. And I think the federal government could be in a position where we would offer and provide that. ",1,think federal government could position would offer provide
trump, I'd like to respond. ,0,id like respond
trump," First of all, I agree, and a lot of people even within my own party want to give certain rights to people on watch lists and no fly lists. I agree with you, when a person is on a watch list or a no fly list -- and I have the endorsement of the NRA, which I'm very proud of, these are very very good people, and they are protecting the Second Amendment -- but I think we have to look very strongly at no fly lists and watch lists, and when people are on there, even if they shouldn't be on there, we'll help them, we'll help them legally, we'll help them get off. But I tend to agree with that, quite strongly. ",0,first agree lot people even within party want give certain rights people watch lists fly lists
trump," First of all, I agree, and a lot of people even within my own party want to give certain rights to people on watch lists and no fly lists. I agree with you, when a person is on a watch list or a no fly list -- and I have the endorsement of the NRA, which I'm very proud of, these are very very good people, and they are protecting the Second Amendment -- but I think we have to look very strongly at no fly lists and watch lists, and when people are on there, even if they shouldn't be on there, we'll help them, we'll help them legally, we'll help them get off. But I tend to agree with that, quite strongly. ",0,agree person watch list fly list endorsement nra proud good people protecting second amendment think look strongly fly lists watch lists people even shouldnt well help well help legally well help
trump," First of all, I agree, and a lot of people even within my own party want to give certain rights to people on watch lists and no fly lists. I agree with you, when a person is on a watch list or a no fly list -- and I have the endorsement of the NRA, which I'm very proud of, these are very very good people, and they are protecting the Second Amendment -- but I think we have to look very strongly at no fly lists and watch lists, and when people are on there, even if they shouldn't be on there, we'll help them, we'll help them legally, we'll help them get off. But I tend to agree with that, quite strongly. ",0,tend agree quite strongly
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,want bring fact one brought word super predator young black youth
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,term think horribly met know
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,think apologized
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,think terrible thing say comes stop frisk know youre talking takes guns away
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,well talking taking guns away gangs people use
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,think really think disagree want know truth
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,think theres political reason cant say really believe
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,new york city stop frisk 2200 murders stop frisk brought 500 murders 500 lot murders
trump,"I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the word super predator about young black youth. That's a term that I think was a -- it's been horribly met as you know. I think you apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say, and when it comes to stop and frisk, you know, you're talking about takes guns away. Well I'm talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. I don't think -- I really don't think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think there's a political reason why you can't say, I really don't believe. In New York City, stop and frisk, we had 2,200 murders and stop and frisk brought it down to 500 murders, 500 is a lot of murders. Hard to believe, 500 is supposed to be good. ",0,hard believe 500 supposed good
trump,"We went from 2,200 to 500, and it was continued on by Mayor Bloomberg. And it was terminated by our current mayor. Stop and frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. When you say it has no impact, it really did, it had a very big impact. ",0,went 2200 500 continued mayor bloomberg
trump,"We went from 2,200 to 500, and it was continued on by Mayor Bloomberg. And it was terminated by our current mayor. Stop and frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. When you say it has no impact, it really did, it had a very big impact. ",0,terminated current mayor
trump,"We went from 2,200 to 500, and it was continued on by Mayor Bloomberg. And it was terminated by our current mayor. Stop and frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. When you say it has no impact, it really did, it had a very big impact. ",0,stop frisk tremendous impact safety new york city
trump,"We went from 2,200 to 500, and it was continued on by Mayor Bloomberg. And it was terminated by our current mayor. Stop and frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. When you say it has no impact, it really did, it had a very big impact. ",0,tremendous beyond belief
trump,"We went from 2,200 to 500, and it was continued on by Mayor Bloomberg. And it was terminated by our current mayor. Stop and frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. When you say it has no impact, it really did, it had a very big impact. ",0,say impact really big impact
clinton," It's also fair to say, if we're going to talk about mayors, that under the current mayor, crime has continued to drop, including murders. ",1,also fair say going talk mayors current mayor crime continued drop including murders
trump, You're wrong. ,0,youre wrong
trump, Murders are up. ,0,murders
clinton," New York has done an excellent job. I give credit across the board going back two mayors, two police chiefs, it has worked. And other communities need to come together to do what will work as well. ",1,new york done excellent job
clinton," New York has done an excellent job. I give credit across the board going back two mayors, two police chiefs, it has worked. And other communities need to come together to do what will work as well. ",1,give credit across board going back two mayors two police chiefs worked
clinton," New York has done an excellent job. I give credit across the board going back two mayors, two police chiefs, it has worked. And other communities need to come together to do what will work as well. ",1,communities need come together work well
clinton,"Look, one murder is too many. But it is important that we learn about what has been effective, and not go to things that sound good that really did not have the kind of impact that we would want. Who disagrees with keeping neighborhoods safe? But let's also add, no one should disagree about respecting the rights of young men who live in those neighborhoods. We need to do a better job of working again with the communities, faith communities, business communities, as well as the police to try to deal with this problem. ",1,look one murder many
clinton,"Look, one murder is too many. But it is important that we learn about what has been effective, and not go to things that sound good that really did not have the kind of impact that we would want. Who disagrees with keeping neighborhoods safe? But let's also add, no one should disagree about respecting the rights of young men who live in those neighborhoods. We need to do a better job of working again with the communities, faith communities, business communities, as well as the police to try to deal with this problem. ",1,important learn effective go things sound good really kind impact would want
clinton,"Look, one murder is too many. But it is important that we learn about what has been effective, and not go to things that sound good that really did not have the kind of impact that we would want. Who disagrees with keeping neighborhoods safe? But let's also add, no one should disagree about respecting the rights of young men who live in those neighborhoods. We need to do a better job of working again with the communities, faith communities, business communities, as well as the police to try to deal with this problem. ",1,disagrees keeping neighborhoods safe
clinton,"Look, one murder is too many. But it is important that we learn about what has been effective, and not go to things that sound good that really did not have the kind of impact that we would want. Who disagrees with keeping neighborhoods safe? But let's also add, no one should disagree about respecting the rights of young men who live in those neighborhoods. We need to do a better job of working again with the communities, faith communities, business communities, as well as the police to try to deal with this problem. ",1,lets also add one disagree respecting rights young men live neighborhoods
clinton,"Look, one murder is too many. But it is important that we learn about what has been effective, and not go to things that sound good that really did not have the kind of impact that we would want. Who disagrees with keeping neighborhoods safe? But let's also add, no one should disagree about respecting the rights of young men who live in those neighborhoods. We need to do a better job of working again with the communities, faith communities, business communities, as well as the police to try to deal with this problem. ",1,need better job working communities faith communities business communities well police try deal problem
trump, I'd like to responded if I might. ,0,id like responded might
trump," You look at the inner cities, I just left Detroit, I just left Philadelphia. You've seen me, I've been all over the place. You decided to stay home and that's OK. ",0,look inner cities left detroit left philadelphia
trump," You look at the inner cities, I just left Detroit, I just left Philadelphia. You've seen me, I've been all over the place. You decided to stay home and that's OK. ",0,youve seen ive place
trump," You look at the inner cities, I just left Detroit, I just left Philadelphia. You've seen me, I've been all over the place. You decided to stay home and that's OK. ",0,decided stay home ok
trump,"I will tell you, I've been all over, and I've met some of the greatest people I'll ever meet within these communities. And they are very very upset with what their politicians have told them And what their politicians have done. ",0,tell ive ive met greatest people ill ever meet within communities
trump,"I will tell you, I've been all over, and I've met some of the greatest people I'll ever meet within these communities. And they are very very upset with what their politicians have told them And what their politicians have done. ",0,upset politicians told politicians done
clinton," I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. And I think that's a good thing. ",1,think donald criticized preparing debate
clinton," I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. And I think that's a good thing. ",1,yes
clinton," I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. And I think that's a good thing. ",1,know else prepared
clinton," I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. And I think that's a good thing. ",1,prepared president
clinton," I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. And I think that's a good thing. ",1,think good thing
clinton,(APPLAUSE) ,1,applause
trump," I'll tell you, its simple to say. Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and close -- very close friend of Secretary Clinton. And her campaign manager Patti Doyle went to -- during the campaign, her campaign against President Obama, fought very hard, and you can go look it up and you can check it out, if you look at CNN this past week, Patti Doyle was on Wolf Blitzer saying that this happened, Blumenthal sent McClatchy to Kenya to find out about it, they were pressing very hard. They failed to get the birth certificate. ",0,ill tell its simple say
trump," I'll tell you, its simple to say. Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and close -- very close friend of Secretary Clinton. And her campaign manager Patti Doyle went to -- during the campaign, her campaign against President Obama, fought very hard, and you can go look it up and you can check it out, if you look at CNN this past week, Patti Doyle was on Wolf Blitzer saying that this happened, Blumenthal sent McClatchy to Kenya to find out about it, they were pressing very hard. They failed to get the birth certificate. ",0,sidney blumenthal works campaign close close friend secretary clinton
trump," I'll tell you, its simple to say. Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and close -- very close friend of Secretary Clinton. And her campaign manager Patti Doyle went to -- during the campaign, her campaign against President Obama, fought very hard, and you can go look it up and you can check it out, if you look at CNN this past week, Patti Doyle was on Wolf Blitzer saying that this happened, Blumenthal sent McClatchy to Kenya to find out about it, they were pressing very hard. They failed to get the birth certificate. ",0,campaign manager patti doyle went campaign campaign president obama fought hard go look check look cnn past week patti doyle wolf blitzer saying happened blumenthal sent mcclatchy kenya find pressing hard
trump," I'll tell you, its simple to say. Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and close -- very close friend of Secretary Clinton. And her campaign manager Patti Doyle went to -- during the campaign, her campaign against President Obama, fought very hard, and you can go look it up and you can check it out, if you look at CNN this past week, Patti Doyle was on Wolf Blitzer saying that this happened, Blumenthal sent McClatchy to Kenya to find out about it, they were pressing very hard. They failed to get the birth certificate. ",0,failed birth certificate
trump,"When I got involved I didn't fail, I got him to give the birth certificate. I'm satisfied with it. ",0,got involved didnt fail got give birth certificate
trump,"When I got involved I didn't fail, I got him to give the birth certificate. I'm satisfied with it. ",0,satisfied
trump," I want to get on to defeating ISIS, to creating jobs. I want to get on to having a strong border. I want to get on to things that are very important to me, and that are very important to the country. ",0,want defeating isis creating jobs
trump," I want to get on to defeating ISIS, to creating jobs. I want to get on to having a strong border. I want to get on to things that are very important to me, and that are very important to the country. ",0,want strong border
trump," I want to get on to defeating ISIS, to creating jobs. I want to get on to having a strong border. I want to get on to things that are very important to me, and that are very important to the country. ",0,want things important important country
trump," Nobody was pressing it, nobody was caring much about it. I figured you'd ask the question tonight, of course. ",0,nobody pressing nobody caring much
trump," Nobody was pressing it, nobody was caring much about it. I figured you'd ask the question tonight, of course. ",0,figured youd ask question tonight course
trump,"I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job. Secretary Clinton also fought it, I mean, you know -- now, everybody in mainstream is going to say, that's not true. Look, it's true. Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter -- you just have to take a look at CNN, the last week, the interview with your former campaign manager. And she was involved. But just like she can't bring back jobs, she can't produce. ",0,one got produce birth certificate think good job
trump,"I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job. Secretary Clinton also fought it, I mean, you know -- now, everybody in mainstream is going to say, that's not true. Look, it's true. Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter -- you just have to take a look at CNN, the last week, the interview with your former campaign manager. And she was involved. But just like she can't bring back jobs, she can't produce. ",0,secretary clinton also fought mean know everybody mainstream going say true
trump,"I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job. Secretary Clinton also fought it, I mean, you know -- now, everybody in mainstream is going to say, that's not true. Look, it's true. Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter -- you just have to take a look at CNN, the last week, the interview with your former campaign manager. And she was involved. But just like she can't bring back jobs, she can't produce. ",0,look true
trump,"I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job. Secretary Clinton also fought it, I mean, you know -- now, everybody in mainstream is going to say, that's not true. Look, it's true. Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter -- you just have to take a look at CNN, the last week, the interview with your former campaign manager. And she was involved. But just like she can't bring back jobs, she can't produce. ",0,sidney blumenthal sent reporter take look cnn last week interview former campaign manager
trump,"I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job. Secretary Clinton also fought it, I mean, you know -- now, everybody in mainstream is going to say, that's not true. Look, it's true. Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter -- you just have to take a look at CNN, the last week, the interview with your former campaign manager. And she was involved. But just like she can't bring back jobs, she can't produce. ",0,involved
trump,"I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job. Secretary Clinton also fought it, I mean, you know -- now, everybody in mainstream is going to say, that's not true. Look, it's true. Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter -- you just have to take a look at CNN, the last week, the interview with your former campaign manager. And she was involved. But just like she can't bring back jobs, she can't produce. ",0,like cant bring back jobs cant produce
trump," Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. When you talk about healing, I think that I've developed very, very good relationships, over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that. And I feel like they really wanted me to come to that conclusion, and I think I did a great job and a great service, not only for the country but even for the president in getting him to produce his birth certificate. ",0,well say nothing able produce
trump," Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. When you talk about healing, I think that I've developed very, very good relationships, over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that. And I feel like they really wanted me to come to that conclusion, and I think I did a great job and a great service, not only for the country but even for the president in getting him to produce his birth certificate. ",0,produced long time
trump," Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. When you talk about healing, I think that I've developed very, very good relationships, over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that. And I feel like they really wanted me to come to that conclusion, and I think I did a great job and a great service, not only for the country but even for the president in getting him to produce his birth certificate. ",0,say nothing
trump," Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. When you talk about healing, I think that I've developed very, very good relationships, over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that. And I feel like they really wanted me to come to that conclusion, and I think I did a great job and a great service, not only for the country but even for the president in getting him to produce his birth certificate. ",0,talk healing think ive developed good relationships last little african american community
trump," Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. When you talk about healing, I think that I've developed very, very good relationships, over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that. And I feel like they really wanted me to come to that conclusion, and I think I did a great job and a great service, not only for the country but even for the president in getting him to produce his birth certificate. ",0,think see
trump," Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. When you talk about healing, I think that I've developed very, very good relationships, over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that. And I feel like they really wanted me to come to that conclusion, and I think I did a great job and a great service, not only for the country but even for the president in getting him to produce his birth certificate. ",0,feel like really wanted come conclusion think great job great service country even president getting produce birth certificate
clinton," Well, just listen to what you heard. And clearly, as Donald just admitted, he knew he was going to stand on this debate stage, and Lester Holt was going to be asking us questions, he tried to put the whole racist birther lie to bed. ",1,well listen heard
clinton," Well, just listen to what you heard. And clearly, as Donald just admitted, he knew he was going to stand on this debate stage, and Lester Holt was going to be asking us questions, he tried to put the whole racist birther lie to bed. ",1,clearly donald admitted knew going stand debate stage lester holt going asking questions tried put whole racist birther lie bed
clinton,"But it can't be dismissed that easily. He has really started his political activity based on this racist lie that our first black president was not an American citizen. There was absolutely no evidence for it, he persisted, he persisted year after year, because some of his supporters, people that he was trying to bring into his fold, apparently believed it or wanted to believe it. ",1,cant dismissed easily
clinton,"But it can't be dismissed that easily. He has really started his political activity based on this racist lie that our first black president was not an American citizen. There was absolutely no evidence for it, he persisted, he persisted year after year, because some of his supporters, people that he was trying to bring into his fold, apparently believed it or wanted to believe it. ",1,really started political activity based racist lie first black president american citizen
clinton,"But it can't be dismissed that easily. He has really started his political activity based on this racist lie that our first black president was not an American citizen. There was absolutely no evidence for it, he persisted, he persisted year after year, because some of his supporters, people that he was trying to bring into his fold, apparently believed it or wanted to believe it. ",1,absolutely evidence persisted persisted year year supporters people trying bring fold apparently believed wanted believe
clinton," But remember. Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination. Because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans, and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy. He actually was sued twice by the Justice Department. So he has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. And the birther lie was a very hurtful one. ",1,remember
clinton," But remember. Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination. Because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans, and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy. He actually was sued twice by the Justice Department. So he has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. And the birther lie was a very hurtful one. ",1,donald started career back 1973 sued justice department racial discrimination
clinton," But remember. Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination. Because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans, and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy. He actually was sued twice by the Justice Department. So he has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. And the birther lie was a very hurtful one. ",1,would rent apartments one developments african americans made sure people worked understood policy
clinton," But remember. Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination. Because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans, and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy. He actually was sued twice by the Justice Department. So he has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. And the birther lie was a very hurtful one. ",1,actually sued twice justice department
clinton," But remember. Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination. Because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans, and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy. He actually was sued twice by the Justice Department. So he has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. And the birther lie was a very hurtful one. ",1,long record engaging racist behavior
clinton," But remember. Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination. Because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans, and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy. He actually was sued twice by the Justice Department. So he has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. And the birther lie was a very hurtful one. ",1,birther lie hurtful one
clinton,"Barack Obama is a man of great dignity. And I could tell how much it bothered him and annoyed him is that this was being touted and used against him. But I would like to remember what Michelle Obama said in her amazing speech at our Democratic National Convention. When they go low, we go high. And Barack Obama went high, despite Donald Trump's best efforts to bring him down. ",1,barack obama man great dignity
clinton,"Barack Obama is a man of great dignity. And I could tell how much it bothered him and annoyed him is that this was being touted and used against him. But I would like to remember what Michelle Obama said in her amazing speech at our Democratic National Convention. When they go low, we go high. And Barack Obama went high, despite Donald Trump's best efforts to bring him down. ",1,could tell much bothered annoyed touted used
clinton,"Barack Obama is a man of great dignity. And I could tell how much it bothered him and annoyed him is that this was being touted and used against him. But I would like to remember what Michelle Obama said in her amazing speech at our Democratic National Convention. When they go low, we go high. And Barack Obama went high, despite Donald Trump's best efforts to bring him down. ",1,would like remember michelle obama said amazing speech democratic national convention
clinton,"Barack Obama is a man of great dignity. And I could tell how much it bothered him and annoyed him is that this was being touted and used against him. But I would like to remember what Michelle Obama said in her amazing speech at our Democratic National Convention. When they go low, we go high. And Barack Obama went high, despite Donald Trump's best efforts to bring him down. ",1,go low go high
clinton,"Barack Obama is a man of great dignity. And I could tell how much it bothered him and annoyed him is that this was being touted and used against him. But I would like to remember what Michelle Obama said in her amazing speech at our Democratic National Convention. When they go low, we go high. And Barack Obama went high, despite Donald Trump's best efforts to bring him down. ",1,barack obama went high despite donald trumps best efforts bring
trump," I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this, some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect, and I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is, and how wonderful you are -- it doesn't work that way. You were after him, you were trying to -- you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures, I don't think you can deny that. Just last week, your campaign manager said it was true. So when you tried to act holier than thou, it really doesn't work. ",0,would love respond
trump," I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this, some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect, and I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is, and how wonderful you are -- it doesn't work that way. You were after him, you were trying to -- you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures, I don't think you can deny that. Just last week, your campaign manager said it was true. So when you tried to act holier than thou, it really doesn't work. ",0,first got watch preparing debates barack obama
trump," I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this, some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect, and I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is, and how wonderful you are -- it doesn't work that way. You were after him, you were trying to -- you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures, I don't think you can deny that. Just last week, your campaign manager said it was true. So when you tried to act holier than thou, it really doesn't work. ",0,treated terrible disrespect watched way talk lovely everything wonderful doesnt work way
trump," I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this, some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect, and I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is, and how wonderful you are -- it doesn't work that way. You were after him, you were trying to -- you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures, I don't think you can deny that. Just last week, your campaign manager said it was true. So when you tried to act holier than thou, it really doesn't work. ",0,trying even sent campaign sent pictures certain garb famous pictures think deny
trump," I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this, some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect, and I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is, and how wonderful you are -- it doesn't work that way. You were after him, you were trying to -- you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures, I don't think you can deny that. Just last week, your campaign manager said it was true. So when you tried to act holier than thou, it really doesn't work. ",0,last week campaign manager said true
trump," I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this, some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect, and I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is, and how wonderful you are -- it doesn't work that way. You were after him, you were trying to -- you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures, I don't think you can deny that. Just last week, your campaign manager said it was true. So when you tried to act holier than thou, it really doesn't work. ",0,tried act holier thou really doesnt work
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,far lawsuit yes young went fathers company
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,along many many companies throughout country federal lawsuit sued
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,settled suit zero admission guilt
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,easy
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,sued many people
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,notice bring lot
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,also notice nasty commercials many different ways
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,maybe trying save money
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,frankly look say isnt amazing
trump,"As far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father's company. We along with many, many other companies throughout the country, it was a federal lawsuit, were sued. We settled the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And I also notice the nasty commercials you do on me in so many different ways, which I don't do on you. Maybe I'm trying to save the money. Frankly, I look at that, and I say, isn't that amazing? I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many, many real estate firms, it's one of those things. ",0,settled lawsuit admission guilt lawsuit brought many many real estate firms one things
trump," I'll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it, no discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it's a tremendously successful club. And I'm so glad I did it, and I have been given great credit for what I did. And I'm very very proud of it. And that's the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. ",0,ill go one step
trump," I'll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it, no discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it's a tremendously successful club. And I'm so glad I did it, and I have been given great credit for what I did. And I'm very very proud of it. And that's the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. ",0,palm beach florida tough community brilliant community wealthy community probably wealthiest community world opened club really got great credit discrimination african americans muslims anybody
trump," I'll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it, no discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it's a tremendously successful club. And I'm so glad I did it, and I have been given great credit for what I did. And I'm very very proud of it. And that's the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. ",0,tremendously successful club
trump," I'll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it, no discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it's a tremendously successful club. And I'm so glad I did it, and I have been given great credit for what I did. And I'm very very proud of it. And that's the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. ",0,glad given great credit
trump," I'll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it, no discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it's a tremendously successful club. And I'm so glad I did it, and I have been given great credit for what I did. And I'm very very proud of it. And that's the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. ",0,proud
trump," I'll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it, no discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it's a tremendously successful club. And I'm so glad I did it, and I have been given great credit for what I did. And I'm very very proud of it. And that's the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. ",0,way feel
trump," I'll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it, no discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it's a tremendously successful club. And I'm so glad I did it, and I have been given great credit for what I did. And I'm very very proud of it. And that's the way I feel. That is the true way I feel. ",0,true way feel
clinton," Well I, think cybersecurity, cyberwarfare, will be one of the biggest challenges facing the next president, because clearly we're facing at this point, two different kinds of adversaries. There are the independent hacking groups that do it mostly for commercial reasons to try to steal information that they then can use to make money. ",1,well think cybersecurity cyberwarfare one biggest challenges facing next president clearly facing point two different kinds adversaries
clinton," Well I, think cybersecurity, cyberwarfare, will be one of the biggest challenges facing the next president, because clearly we're facing at this point, two different kinds of adversaries. There are the independent hacking groups that do it mostly for commercial reasons to try to steal information that they then can use to make money. ",1,independent hacking groups mostly commercial reasons try steal information use make money
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,increasingly seeing cyberattacks coming states
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,organs states
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,recent troubling russia
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,theres doubt russia used cyberattacks kinds organizations country deeply concerned
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,know donald praise praiseworthy vladimir putin
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,putin playing tough long game
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,one things hes done let loose cyber attackers hack government files hack personal files hack democratic national committee
clinton,"But increasingly, we are seeing cyberattacks coming from states. Organs of states. The most recent and troubling of these has been Russia. There's no doubt now that Russia has used cyberattacks against all kinds of organizations in our country, and I am deeply concerned about this. I know Donald is very praise -- praiseworthy of Vladimir Putin. But Putin is playing a very tough, long game here. And one of the things he's done is to let loose cyber attackers to hack into government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee. And we recently have learned that this is one of their preferred methods of trying to wreak havoc and collect information. ",1,recently learned one preferred methods trying wreak havoc collect information
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,need make clear whether russia china iran anybody else united states much greater capacity
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,going sit idly permit state actors go information private sector information public sector information going make clear want use kinds tools
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,want engage different kind warfare
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,defend citizens country russians need understand
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,think theyve treating almost probing far would go
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,much would
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,shocked donald publicly invited putin hack americans
clinton," We need to make it very clear, whether it's Russia, China, Iran, or anybody else, the United States has much greater capacity. And we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information, our private sector information or our public sector information, and we're going to have to make it clear that we don't want to use the kinds of tools that we have. We don't want to engage in a different kind of warfare. But we will defend the citizens of this country, and the Russians need to understand that. I think they've been treating it as almost a probing, how far would we go? How much would we do? And that's why I was so, I was so shocked when Donald publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans. That is, that is just unacceptable. ",1,unacceptable
clinton,It's one of the reasons why 50 national security officials who served in Republican administration --,1,one reasons 50 national security officials served republican administration
clinton, -- have said that Donald is unfit to be the commander-in-chief. It's comments like that that really worry people who understand the threats that we face. ,1,said donald unfit commander chief
clinton, -- have said that Donald is unfit to be the commander-in-chief. It's comments like that that really worry people who understand the threats that we face. ,1,comments like really worry people understand threats face
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,want say endorsed coming next week 200 admirals
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,many admirals generals endorsed lead country
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,happened
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,many coming
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,proud
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,addition endorse ice
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,theyve never endorsed anybody immigration
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,endorsed ice
trump," I do want to say that I was just endorsed, and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorse the by ICE. Theyve never endorsed anybody before, on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed, 16,500 border patrol agents. ",0,recently endorsed 16500 border patrol agents
trump,"So when Secretary Clinton talks about this, I mean, I'll take the admirals and Ill take the generals any day over the political hacks that I see that have led our country so brilliantly over the last 10 years with their knowledge. ",0,secretary clinton talks mean ill take admirals ill take generals day political hacks see led country brilliantly last 10 years knowledge
trump," Because look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China, but it could also be lots of other people, it also could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? ",0,look mess
trump," Because look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China, but it could also be lots of other people, it also could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? ",0,look mess
trump," Because look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China, but it could also be lots of other people, it also could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? ",0,far cyber agree parts secretary clinton said better anybody else perhaps
trump," Because look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China, but it could also be lots of other people, it also could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? ",0,think anybody knows russia broke dnc
trump," Because look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China, but it could also be lots of other people, it also could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? ",0,shes saying russia russia russia
trump," Because look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China, but it could also be lots of other people, it also could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? ",0,maybe
trump," Because look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China, but it could also be lots of other people, it also could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? ",0,mean could russia could also china could also lots people also could someone sitting bed weighs 400 pounds ok
trump,"You don't know who broke into DNC, but what did we learn with DNC? We learn that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people. By Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. Thats what it is.",0,know broke dnc learn dnc
trump,"You don't know who broke into DNC, but what did we learn with DNC? We learn that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people. By Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. Thats what it is.",0,learn bernie sanders taken advantage people
trump,"You don't know who broke into DNC, but what did we learn with DNC? We learn that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people. By Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. Thats what it is.",0,debbie wasserman schultz
trump,"You don't know who broke into DNC, but what did we learn with DNC? We learn that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people. By Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. Thats what it is.",0,look happened
trump,"You don't know who broke into DNC, but what did we learn with DNC? We learn that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people. By Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. Thats what it is.",0,bernie sanders taken advantage
trump,"You don't know who broke into DNC, but what did we learn with DNC? We learn that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people. By Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. Thats what it is.",0,thats
trump," Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama we've lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with an Internet, we came up with the Internet. And I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they're beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is a, it is a huge problem.",0,whether russia whether china whether another country know truth president obama weve lost control things used control
trump," Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama we've lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with an Internet, we came up with the Internet. And I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they're beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is a, it is a huge problem.",0,came internet came internet
trump," Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama we've lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with an Internet, we came up with the Internet. And I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they're beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is a, it is a huge problem.",0,think secretary clinton would agree much look isis internet theyre beating game
trump," Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama we've lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with an Internet, we came up with the Internet. And I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they're beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is a, it is a huge problem.",0,isis
trump," Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama we've lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with an Internet, we came up with the Internet. And I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they're beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is a, it is a huge problem.",0,tough cyber cyber warfare
trump," Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama we've lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with an Internet, we came up with the Internet. And I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they're beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is a, it is a huge problem.",0,huge problem
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,son
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,hes 10 years old
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,computers
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,good computers unbelievable
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,security aspect cyber tough
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,maybe hardly able
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,say job true throughout whole governmental society
trump,"I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.",0,many things better lester certainly cyber one
clinton," Well, I think there are a number of issues that we should be addressing. I have put forth a plan to defeat ISIS. It does involve going after them online. I think we need do much more with our tech companies to prevent ISIS and their operatives from being able to use the internet, to radicalize, even direct people in our country and Europe and elsewhere, but we also have to intensify our airstrikes against ISIS and eventually support our Arab and Kurdish partners to be able to actually take out ISIS in Raqqah and their claim of being a caliphate. ",1,well think number issues addressing
clinton," Well, I think there are a number of issues that we should be addressing. I have put forth a plan to defeat ISIS. It does involve going after them online. I think we need do much more with our tech companies to prevent ISIS and their operatives from being able to use the internet, to radicalize, even direct people in our country and Europe and elsewhere, but we also have to intensify our airstrikes against ISIS and eventually support our Arab and Kurdish partners to be able to actually take out ISIS in Raqqah and their claim of being a caliphate. ",1,put forth plan defeat isis
clinton," Well, I think there are a number of issues that we should be addressing. I have put forth a plan to defeat ISIS. It does involve going after them online. I think we need do much more with our tech companies to prevent ISIS and their operatives from being able to use the internet, to radicalize, even direct people in our country and Europe and elsewhere, but we also have to intensify our airstrikes against ISIS and eventually support our Arab and Kurdish partners to be able to actually take out ISIS in Raqqah and their claim of being a caliphate. ",1,involve going online
clinton," Well, I think there are a number of issues that we should be addressing. I have put forth a plan to defeat ISIS. It does involve going after them online. I think we need do much more with our tech companies to prevent ISIS and their operatives from being able to use the internet, to radicalize, even direct people in our country and Europe and elsewhere, but we also have to intensify our airstrikes against ISIS and eventually support our Arab and Kurdish partners to be able to actually take out ISIS in Raqqah and their claim of being a caliphate. ",1,think need much tech companies prevent isis operatives able use internet radicalize even direct people country europe elsewhere also intensify airstrikes isis eventually support arab kurdish partners able actually take isis raqqah claim caliphate
clinton,"We're making progress. Our military is assisting in Iraq. And we're hoping that within the year we'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and really squeeze them in Syria. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we have to make this the top priority. And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership. I was involved in a number efforts to take out Al-Qaeda leadership when I was Secretary of State, including of course taking out Bin Laden, and I think we need to go after Baghdadi as well, make that one of our organizing principles. Because we've got to defeat ISIS and weve got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.",1,making progress
clinton,"We're making progress. Our military is assisting in Iraq. And we're hoping that within the year we'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and really squeeze them in Syria. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we have to make this the top priority. And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership. I was involved in a number efforts to take out Al-Qaeda leadership when I was Secretary of State, including of course taking out Bin Laden, and I think we need to go after Baghdadi as well, make that one of our organizing principles. Because we've got to defeat ISIS and weve got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.",1,military assisting iraq
clinton,"We're making progress. Our military is assisting in Iraq. And we're hoping that within the year we'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and really squeeze them in Syria. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we have to make this the top priority. And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership. I was involved in a number efforts to take out Al-Qaeda leadership when I was Secretary of State, including of course taking out Bin Laden, and I think we need to go after Baghdadi as well, make that one of our organizing principles. Because we've got to defeat ISIS and weve got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.",1,hoping within year well able push isis iraq really squeeze syria
clinton,"We're making progress. Our military is assisting in Iraq. And we're hoping that within the year we'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and really squeeze them in Syria. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we have to make this the top priority. And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership. I was involved in a number efforts to take out Al-Qaeda leadership when I was Secretary of State, including of course taking out Bin Laden, and I think we need to go after Baghdadi as well, make that one of our organizing principles. Because we've got to defeat ISIS and weve got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.",1,cognizant fact theyve foreign fighters coming volunteer foreign money foreign weapons make top priority
clinton,"We're making progress. Our military is assisting in Iraq. And we're hoping that within the year we'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and really squeeze them in Syria. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we have to make this the top priority. And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership. I was involved in a number efforts to take out Al-Qaeda leadership when I was Secretary of State, including of course taking out Bin Laden, and I think we need to go after Baghdadi as well, make that one of our organizing principles. Because we've got to defeat ISIS and weve got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.",1,would also everything possible take leadership
clinton,"We're making progress. Our military is assisting in Iraq. And we're hoping that within the year we'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and really squeeze them in Syria. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we have to make this the top priority. And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership. I was involved in a number efforts to take out Al-Qaeda leadership when I was Secretary of State, including of course taking out Bin Laden, and I think we need to go after Baghdadi as well, make that one of our organizing principles. Because we've got to defeat ISIS and weve got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.",1,involved number efforts take al qaeda leadership secretary state including course taking bin laden think need go baghdadi well make one organizing principles
clinton,"We're making progress. Our military is assisting in Iraq. And we're hoping that within the year we'll be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and really squeeze them in Syria. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that they've had foreign fighters coming to volunteer for them, foreign money, foreign weapons, so we have to make this the top priority. And I would also do everything possible to take out their leadership. I was involved in a number efforts to take out Al-Qaeda leadership when I was Secretary of State, including of course taking out Bin Laden, and I think we need to go after Baghdadi as well, make that one of our organizing principles. Because we've got to defeat ISIS and weve got to do everything we can to disrupt their propaganda efforts online.",1,weve got defeat isis weve got everything disrupt propaganda efforts online
trump," First I have to say one thing, very important. Secretary Clinton is talking about taking out ISIS -- we will take out ISIS. Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum the way they got out of Iraq, because they got out, well they shouldn't have been in, but once they got in, the way they got out was a disaster. And ISIS was formed. ",0,first say one thing important
trump," First I have to say one thing, very important. Secretary Clinton is talking about taking out ISIS -- we will take out ISIS. Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum the way they got out of Iraq, because they got out, well they shouldn't have been in, but once they got in, the way they got out was a disaster. And ISIS was formed. ",0,secretary clinton talking taking isis take isis
trump," First I have to say one thing, very important. Secretary Clinton is talking about taking out ISIS -- we will take out ISIS. Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum the way they got out of Iraq, because they got out, well they shouldn't have been in, but once they got in, the way they got out was a disaster. And ISIS was formed. ",0,well president obama secretary clinton created vacuum way got iraq got well shouldnt got way got disaster
trump," First I have to say one thing, very important. Secretary Clinton is talking about taking out ISIS -- we will take out ISIS. Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum the way they got out of Iraq, because they got out, well they shouldn't have been in, but once they got in, the way they got out was a disaster. And ISIS was formed. ",0,isis formed
trump,"So she talks about taking them out -- she's been doing it a long time, shes been trying to take them out for a long time. She's been trying to take them out for a long time. But they wouldn't even have been formed if they left some troops behind. Like 10,000 or maybe something more than that. And then you wouldn't have had them. ",0,talks taking shes long time shes trying take long time
trump,"So she talks about taking them out -- she's been doing it a long time, shes been trying to take them out for a long time. She's been trying to take them out for a long time. But they wouldn't even have been formed if they left some troops behind. Like 10,000 or maybe something more than that. And then you wouldn't have had them. ",0,shes trying take long time
trump,"So she talks about taking them out -- she's been doing it a long time, shes been trying to take them out for a long time. She's been trying to take them out for a long time. But they wouldn't even have been formed if they left some troops behind. Like 10,000 or maybe something more than that. And then you wouldn't have had them. ",0,wouldnt even formed left troops behind
trump,"So she talks about taking them out -- she's been doing it a long time, shes been trying to take them out for a long time. She's been trying to take them out for a long time. But they wouldn't even have been formed if they left some troops behind. Like 10,000 or maybe something more than that. And then you wouldn't have had them. ",0,like 10000 maybe something
trump,"So she talks about taking them out -- she's been doing it a long time, shes been trying to take them out for a long time. She's been trying to take them out for a long time. But they wouldn't even have been formed if they left some troops behind. Like 10,000 or maybe something more than that. And then you wouldn't have had them. ",0,wouldnt
trump," Or, as I've been saying for a long time, and I think you'll agree, because I said it to you once -- had we taken the oil, and we should have taken the oil, ISIS would not have been able to form either, because the oil was their primary source of income. And now they have the oil all over the place, including the oil, a lot of the oil in Libya. Which was another one of her disasters. ",0,ive saying long time think youll agree said taken oil taken oil isis would able form either oil primary source income
trump," Or, as I've been saying for a long time, and I think you'll agree, because I said it to you once -- had we taken the oil, and we should have taken the oil, ISIS would not have been able to form either, because the oil was their primary source of income. And now they have the oil all over the place, including the oil, a lot of the oil in Libya. Which was another one of her disasters. ",0,oil place including oil lot oil libya
trump," Or, as I've been saying for a long time, and I think you'll agree, because I said it to you once -- had we taken the oil, and we should have taken the oil, ISIS would not have been able to form either, because the oil was their primary source of income. And now they have the oil all over the place, including the oil, a lot of the oil in Libya. Which was another one of her disasters. ",0,another one disasters
clinton," Well, I hope the fact checkers are turning up the volume and really working hard. Donald supported the invasion of Iraq. ",1,well hope fact checkers turning volume really working hard
clinton," Well, I hope the fact checkers are turning up the volume and really working hard. Donald supported the invasion of Iraq. ",1,donald supported invasion iraq
trump, Wrong. ,0,wrong
clinton, That is absolutely -- ,1,absolutely
trump, Wrong. ,0,wrong
clinton, Proved over and over again. ,1,proved
trump, Wrong. ,0,wrong
clinton," He actually advocated for the actions we took in Libya and urged that Gaddafi be taken out, after actually doing some business with him one time. But the larger point, he says this constantly, is George W. Bush made the agreement about when American troops would leave Iraq. Not Barack Obama. And the only way that American troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then Iraqi government that would have protected our troops. And the Iraqi government would not give that.",1,actually advocated actions took libya urged gaddafi taken actually business one time
clinton," He actually advocated for the actions we took in Libya and urged that Gaddafi be taken out, after actually doing some business with him one time. But the larger point, he says this constantly, is George W. Bush made the agreement about when American troops would leave Iraq. Not Barack Obama. And the only way that American troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then Iraqi government that would have protected our troops. And the Iraqi government would not give that.",1,larger point says constantly george w bush made agreement american troops would leave iraq
clinton," He actually advocated for the actions we took in Libya and urged that Gaddafi be taken out, after actually doing some business with him one time. But the larger point, he says this constantly, is George W. Bush made the agreement about when American troops would leave Iraq. Not Barack Obama. And the only way that American troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then Iraqi government that would have protected our troops. And the Iraqi government would not give that.",1,barack obama
clinton," He actually advocated for the actions we took in Libya and urged that Gaddafi be taken out, after actually doing some business with him one time. But the larger point, he says this constantly, is George W. Bush made the agreement about when American troops would leave Iraq. Not Barack Obama. And the only way that American troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then Iraqi government that would have protected our troops. And the Iraqi government would not give that.",1,way american troops could stayed iraq agreement iraqi government would protected troops
clinton," He actually advocated for the actions we took in Libya and urged that Gaddafi be taken out, after actually doing some business with him one time. But the larger point, he says this constantly, is George W. Bush made the agreement about when American troops would leave Iraq. Not Barack Obama. And the only way that American troops could have stayed in Iraq is to get an agreement from the then Iraqi government that would have protected our troops. And the Iraqi government would not give that.",1,iraqi government would give
clinton,"But let's talk about the question you asked, Lester. The question you asked is what do we do here in the United States. That's the most important part of this. How do we prevent attacks? How do we protect our people?",1,lets talk question asked lester
clinton,"But let's talk about the question you asked, Lester. The question you asked is what do we do here in the United States. That's the most important part of this. How do we prevent attacks? How do we protect our people?",1,question asked united states
clinton,"But let's talk about the question you asked, Lester. The question you asked is what do we do here in the United States. That's the most important part of this. How do we prevent attacks? How do we protect our people?",1,important part
clinton,"But let's talk about the question you asked, Lester. The question you asked is what do we do here in the United States. That's the most important part of this. How do we prevent attacks? How do we protect our people?",1,prevent attacks
clinton,"But let's talk about the question you asked, Lester. The question you asked is what do we do here in the United States. That's the most important part of this. How do we prevent attacks? How do we protect our people?",1,protect people
clinton,"And I think we've got to have an intelligence surge, where we are looking for every scrap of information. I was so proud of law enforcement in New York, in Minnesota, in New Jersey, you know, they responded so quickly, so professionally to the attacks that occurred by Rahami and they brought him down. ",1,think weve got intelligence surge looking every scrap information
clinton,"And I think we've got to have an intelligence surge, where we are looking for every scrap of information. I was so proud of law enforcement in New York, in Minnesota, in New Jersey, you know, they responded so quickly, so professionally to the attacks that occurred by Rahami and they brought him down. ",1,proud law enforcement new york minnesota new jersey know responded quickly professionally attacks occurred rahami brought
clinton," And we may find out more information because he is still alive, which may prove to be an intelligence benefit. So weve got to do everything we can to vacuum up intelligence from Europe, from the Middle East, and that means we have to work more closely with our allies, and thats something that Donald has been very dismissive of. ",1,may find information still alive may prove intelligence benefit
clinton," And we may find out more information because he is still alive, which may prove to be an intelligence benefit. So weve got to do everything we can to vacuum up intelligence from Europe, from the Middle East, and that means we have to work more closely with our allies, and thats something that Donald has been very dismissive of. ",1,weve got everything vacuum intelligence europe middle east means work closely allies thats something donald dismissive
clinton,"We're working with NATO, the longest military alliance in the history of the world, to really turn our attention to terrorism. Were working with our friends in the Middle East, many of which, as you know, are Muslim majority nations.",1,working nato longest military alliance history world really turn attention terrorism
clinton,"We're working with NATO, the longest military alliance in the history of the world, to really turn our attention to terrorism. Were working with our friends in the Middle East, many of which, as you know, are Muslim majority nations.",1,were working friends middle east many know muslim majority nations
clinton,"Donald has consistently insulted Muslims abroad, Muslims at home, when we need to be cooperating with Muslim nations and with the American Muslim community. They're on the front lines. They can provide information to us that we might not get anywhere else. They need to have close working cooperation with law enforcement in these communities, not be alienated and pushed away, as some of Donalds rhetoric has unfortunately led to.",1,donald consistently insulted muslims abroad muslims home need cooperating muslim nations american muslim community
clinton,"Donald has consistently insulted Muslims abroad, Muslims at home, when we need to be cooperating with Muslim nations and with the American Muslim community. They're on the front lines. They can provide information to us that we might not get anywhere else. They need to have close working cooperation with law enforcement in these communities, not be alienated and pushed away, as some of Donalds rhetoric has unfortunately led to.",1,theyre front lines
clinton,"Donald has consistently insulted Muslims abroad, Muslims at home, when we need to be cooperating with Muslim nations and with the American Muslim community. They're on the front lines. They can provide information to us that we might not get anywhere else. They need to have close working cooperation with law enforcement in these communities, not be alienated and pushed away, as some of Donalds rhetoric has unfortunately led to.",1,provide information might anywhere else
clinton,"Donald has consistently insulted Muslims abroad, Muslims at home, when we need to be cooperating with Muslim nations and with the American Muslim community. They're on the front lines. They can provide information to us that we might not get anywhere else. They need to have close working cooperation with law enforcement in these communities, not be alienated and pushed away, as some of Donalds rhetoric has unfortunately led to.",1,need close working cooperation law enforcement communities alienated pushed away donalds rhetoric unfortunately led
trump, I have to respond.,0,respond
trump," The secretary said very strongly about working with, we've been working with them for many years, and we have the greatest mess anyone's ever seen. You look at the Middle East, its a total mess.",0,secretary said strongly working weve working many years greatest mess anyones ever seen
trump," The secretary said very strongly about working with, we've been working with them for many years, and we have the greatest mess anyone's ever seen. You look at the Middle East, its a total mess.",0,look middle east its total mess
trump,"Under your direction, to a large extent. But you look at the Middle East. You started the Iran deal. That's another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean they were doing so badly, they were choking on the sanctions, and now they're going to be actually probably a major power at some point pretty soon the way theyre going.",0,direction large extent
trump,"Under your direction, to a large extent. But you look at the Middle East. You started the Iran deal. That's another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean they were doing so badly, they were choking on the sanctions, and now they're going to be actually probably a major power at some point pretty soon the way theyre going.",0,look middle east
trump,"Under your direction, to a large extent. But you look at the Middle East. You started the Iran deal. That's another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean they were doing so badly, they were choking on the sanctions, and now they're going to be actually probably a major power at some point pretty soon the way theyre going.",0,started iran deal
trump,"Under your direction, to a large extent. But you look at the Middle East. You started the Iran deal. That's another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean they were doing so badly, they were choking on the sanctions, and now they're going to be actually probably a major power at some point pretty soon the way theyre going.",0,another beauty country ready fall mean badly choking sanctions theyre going actually probably major power point pretty soon way theyre going
trump,"But when you look at NATO, I was asked on a major show, what do you think of NATO? You have to understand I'm a business person, I did really well, but I have common sense. I said well, I'll tell you, I havent given lots of thought to NATO, but two things: Number 1, the 28 countries of NATO, many of them arent paying their fair share. Number 2, and that bothers me, because we should be, yes, we're defending them, they should be at least paying us what they are supposed to be paying by treaty and contract. ",0,look nato asked major show think nato
trump,"But when you look at NATO, I was asked on a major show, what do you think of NATO? You have to understand I'm a business person, I did really well, but I have common sense. I said well, I'll tell you, I havent given lots of thought to NATO, but two things: Number 1, the 28 countries of NATO, many of them arent paying their fair share. Number 2, and that bothers me, because we should be, yes, we're defending them, they should be at least paying us what they are supposed to be paying by treaty and contract. ",0,understand business person really well common sense
trump,"But when you look at NATO, I was asked on a major show, what do you think of NATO? You have to understand I'm a business person, I did really well, but I have common sense. I said well, I'll tell you, I havent given lots of thought to NATO, but two things: Number 1, the 28 countries of NATO, many of them arent paying their fair share. Number 2, and that bothers me, because we should be, yes, we're defending them, they should be at least paying us what they are supposed to be paying by treaty and contract. ",0,said well ill tell havent given lots thought nato two things number 1 28 countries nato many arent paying fair share
trump,"But when you look at NATO, I was asked on a major show, what do you think of NATO? You have to understand I'm a business person, I did really well, but I have common sense. I said well, I'll tell you, I havent given lots of thought to NATO, but two things: Number 1, the 28 countries of NATO, many of them arent paying their fair share. Number 2, and that bothers me, because we should be, yes, we're defending them, they should be at least paying us what they are supposed to be paying by treaty and contract. ",0,number 2 bothers yes defending least paying supposed paying treaty contract
trump," And number two, I said and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because, and I was very strong on this, and it was actually covered very accurately in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times to be honest, but I said they do not focus on terror. And I was very strong. And I said it numerous times. And about four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division, and I think that's great. ",0,number two said strongly nato could obsolete strong actually covered accurately new york times unusual new york times honest said focus terror
trump," And number two, I said and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because, and I was very strong on this, and it was actually covered very accurately in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times to be honest, but I said they do not focus on terror. And I was very strong. And I said it numerous times. And about four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division, and I think that's great. ",0,strong
trump," And number two, I said and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because, and I was very strong on this, and it was actually covered very accurately in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times to be honest, but I said they do not focus on terror. And I was very strong. And I said it numerous times. And about four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division, and I think that's great. ",0,said numerous times
trump," And number two, I said and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because, and I was very strong on this, and it was actually covered very accurately in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times to be honest, but I said they do not focus on terror. And I was very strong. And I said it numerous times. And about four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division, and I think that's great. ",0,four months ago read front page wall street journal nato opening major terror division think great
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,think pay approximately 73 percent cost nato
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,lot money protect people
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,nato
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,said focus terror also
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,theyre going
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,believe sure going credit largely saying criticism nato
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,think nato go middle east
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,addition surrounding nations knock hell isis
trump,"And I think we should get, because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror also. And they're going to do that. And that was, believe me, I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us. In addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS. And we have to it fast.",0,fast
trump,"When ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton, and believe me, you were the ones that took out the troops. Not only that, you named the day. They couldnt believe it. They sat back and ...",0,isis formed vacuum created barack obama secretary clinton believe ones took troops
trump,"When ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton, and believe me, you were the ones that took out the troops. Not only that, you named the day. They couldnt believe it. They sat back and ...",0,named day
trump,"When ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton, and believe me, you were the ones that took out the troops. Not only that, you named the day. They couldnt believe it. They sat back and ...",0,couldnt believe
trump,"When ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton, and believe me, you were the ones that took out the troops. Not only that, you named the day. They couldnt believe it. They sat back and ...",0,sat back
clinton," Lester, we've covered this ground. ",1,lester weve covered ground
trump," No, wait a minute. When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should never happened. Now you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries, and you're going to stop them? I don't think so. ",0,wait minute
trump," No, wait a minute. When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should never happened. Now you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries, and you're going to stop them? I don't think so. ",0,formed formed something never happened
trump," No, wait a minute. When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should never happened. Now you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries, and you're going to stop them? I don't think so. ",0,never happened
trump," No, wait a minute. When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should never happened. Now you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries, and you're going to stop them? I don't think so. ",0,youre talking taking isis
trump," No, wait a minute. When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should never happened. Now you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries, and you're going to stop them? I don't think so. ",0,secretary state little infant
trump," No, wait a minute. When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should never happened. Now you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries, and you're going to stop them? I don't think so. ",0,30 countries youre going stop
trump," No, wait a minute. When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should never happened. Now you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were Secretary of State when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries, and you're going to stop them? I don't think so. ",0,think
trump, I did not support the War in Iraq. ,0,support war iraq
trump," That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media. Would you like to hear? I was against the war, wait a minute. I was against the war in Iraq. Just so you put it out. ",0,mainstream media nonsense put frankly think best person campaign mainstream media
trump," That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media. Would you like to hear? I was against the war, wait a minute. I was against the war in Iraq. Just so you put it out. ",0,would like hear
trump," That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media. Would you like to hear? I was against the war, wait a minute. I was against the war in Iraq. Just so you put it out. ",0,war wait minute
trump," That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media. Would you like to hear? I was against the war, wait a minute. I was against the war in Iraq. Just so you put it out. ",0,war iraq
trump," That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media. Would you like to hear? I was against the war, wait a minute. I was against the war in Iraq. Just so you put it out. ",0,put
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,show
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,record shows right
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,interview howard stern lightly first time anybodys asked said lightly dont know maybe knows
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,essentially
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,interview neil cavuto talked economy its important
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,spoke sean hannity everybody refuses call sean hannity
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,numerous conversationa sean hannity fox
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,sean hannity said called day spoke said totally war war war started
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,sean hannity said strongly people hes willing say nobody wants call war
trump," It does not show that. The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, the first time anybody's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I dont know, maybe, who knows. Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto, we talked about the economy, its more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversationa with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said -- and he called me the other day and I spoke to him about it and he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war and that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly, to me and other people, he's willing to say, but nobody wants to call him, I was against the war. He said you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.",0,said used fights sean favor war
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,understand side also
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,much never nobody called sean hannity
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,article major magazine shortly war started
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,think 04
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,article totally war iraq
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,one compatriots said know whether right trump definite read article theres doubt
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,somebody ill ask press somebody would call sean hannity war started
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,used arguments war
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,said terrible stupid thing
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,going destabilize middle east
trump,"And I understand that side also. Not very much, because we should have never been there, but nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in '04. But they did an article, which had me totally against the War in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definite because if you read this article, there's no doubt. But if somebody, and I'll ask the press, if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said it's a terrible and a stupid thing. It's going to destabilize the Middle East. And thats exactly what this's done. ",0,thats exactly thiss done
trump, You didn't hear what I said. ,0,didnt hear said
clinton," Woo, okay. ",1,woo okay
clinton,(LAUGHTER),1,laughter
clinton," Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald. First, NATO. NATO, as a military alliance has something called Article V. And basically it says this, an attack on one is an attack on all. And do you know the only time it's ever been invoked after 9/11? When the 28 nations NATO said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism. Something that they still are doing by our side. ",1,lets talk two important issues briefly mentioned donald
clinton," Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald. First, NATO. NATO, as a military alliance has something called Article V. And basically it says this, an attack on one is an attack on all. And do you know the only time it's ever been invoked after 9/11? When the 28 nations NATO said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism. Something that they still are doing by our side. ",1,first nato
clinton," Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald. First, NATO. NATO, as a military alliance has something called Article V. And basically it says this, an attack on one is an attack on all. And do you know the only time it's ever been invoked after 9/11? When the 28 nations NATO said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism. Something that they still are doing by our side. ",1,nato military alliance something called article v basically says attack one attack
clinton," Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald. First, NATO. NATO, as a military alliance has something called Article V. And basically it says this, an attack on one is an attack on all. And do you know the only time it's ever been invoked after 9/11? When the 28 nations NATO said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism. Something that they still are doing by our side. ",1,know time ever invoked 9 11
clinton," Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald. First, NATO. NATO, as a military alliance has something called Article V. And basically it says this, an attack on one is an attack on all. And do you know the only time it's ever been invoked after 9/11? When the 28 nations NATO said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism. Something that they still are doing by our side. ",1,28 nations nato said would go afghanistan fight terrorism
clinton," Let's talk about two important issues that were briefly mentioned by Donald. First, NATO. NATO, as a military alliance has something called Article V. And basically it says this, an attack on one is an attack on all. And do you know the only time it's ever been invoked after 9/11? When the 28 nations NATO said that they would go to Afghanistan with us to fight terrorism. Something that they still are doing by our side. ",1,something still side
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,respect iran became secretary state iran weeks away enough nuclear material form bomb
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,mastered nuclear fuel cycle bush administration
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,built covert facilities stocked centrifuges whirling away
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,sanctioned
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,voted every sanction iran senate wasnt enough
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,spent year half putting together coalition included russia china impose toughest sanctions iran drive negotiating table
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,successor john kerry president obama got deal put lid irans nuclear program
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,without firing single shot
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,diplomacy
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,coalition building
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,working nations
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,day saw donald saying iranian sailors ship waters iran taunting american sailors nearby ship
clinton,"With respect to Iran, when I became Secretary of State Iran was weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb. They had mastered the nuclear fuel cycle under the Bush administration. They had built covert facilities, stocked them with centrifuges that were whirling away. And we had sanctioned them. I voted for every sanction against Iran when I was in the Senate, but it wasn't enough. So I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China, to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran, and we did drive them to the negotiating table. And my successor, John Kerry and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran's nuclear program. Without firing a single shot. That's diplomacy. That's coalition building. That's working with other nations. The other day, I saw Donald saying that there were some Iranian sailors on a ship in the waters off of Iran, and they were taunting American sailors who were on a nearby ship. He said, you know, if they taunted our sailors, I'd blow them out of the water and start another war. That's -- ",1,said know taunted sailors id blow water start another war
trump, That would not start a war. ,0,would start war
clinton," That's bad judgment. That is not the right temperament to be commander in chief, to be taunted and the worst part -- ",1,bad judgment
clinton," That's bad judgment. That is not the right temperament to be commander in chief, to be taunted and the worst part -- ",1,right temperament commander chief taunted worst part
trump, They were taunting us -- ,0,taunting
clinton," The worst part of what I heard Donald say has been about nuclear weapons. He has said repeatedly that he didn't care if other countries got nuclear weapon, Japan, South Korea even Saudi Arabia. It has been the policy of the United States, Democrats and Republicans, to do everything we could to reduce the proliferation of nuclear weapons. He even said if there were nuclear war in East Asia, that's fine, you know. ",1,worst part heard donald say nuclear weapons
clinton," The worst part of what I heard Donald say has been about nuclear weapons. He has said repeatedly that he didn't care if other countries got nuclear weapon, Japan, South Korea even Saudi Arabia. It has been the policy of the United States, Democrats and Republicans, to do everything we could to reduce the proliferation of nuclear weapons. He even said if there were nuclear war in East Asia, that's fine, you know. ",1,said repeatedly didnt care countries got nuclear weapon japan south korea even saudi arabia
clinton," The worst part of what I heard Donald say has been about nuclear weapons. He has said repeatedly that he didn't care if other countries got nuclear weapon, Japan, South Korea even Saudi Arabia. It has been the policy of the United States, Democrats and Republicans, to do everything we could to reduce the proliferation of nuclear weapons. He even said if there were nuclear war in East Asia, that's fine, you know. ",1,policy united states democrats republicans everything could reduce proliferation nuclear weapons
clinton," The worst part of what I heard Donald say has been about nuclear weapons. He has said repeatedly that he didn't care if other countries got nuclear weapon, Japan, South Korea even Saudi Arabia. It has been the policy of the United States, Democrats and Republicans, to do everything we could to reduce the proliferation of nuclear weapons. He even said if there were nuclear war in East Asia, that's fine, you know. ",1,even said nuclear war east asia fine know
trump, Wrong. ,0,wrong
clinton," Have a good time, folks.",1,good time folks
trump, That's lies. ,0,lies
clinton," And in fact, his cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling. That is the number one threat we face in the world, and it becomes particularly threatening if terrorists ever get their hands on any nuclear material. So a man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his fingers anywhere near the nuclear codes. As far as I think anyone with any sense about this should be concerned. ",1,fact cavalier attitude nuclear weapons deeply troubling
clinton," And in fact, his cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling. That is the number one threat we face in the world, and it becomes particularly threatening if terrorists ever get their hands on any nuclear material. So a man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his fingers anywhere near the nuclear codes. As far as I think anyone with any sense about this should be concerned. ",1,number one threat face world becomes particularly threatening terrorists ever hands nuclear material
clinton," And in fact, his cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling. That is the number one threat we face in the world, and it becomes particularly threatening if terrorists ever get their hands on any nuclear material. So a man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his fingers anywhere near the nuclear codes. As far as I think anyone with any sense about this should be concerned. ",1,man provoked tweet fingers anywhere near nuclear codes
clinton," And in fact, his cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling. That is the number one threat we face in the world, and it becomes particularly threatening if terrorists ever get their hands on any nuclear material. So a man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his fingers anywhere near the nuclear codes. As far as I think anyone with any sense about this should be concerned. ",1,far think anyone sense concerned
trump," That line is getting a little bit old, I have to say.",0,line getting little bit old say
clinton," It's a good one, though, well describes the problem.",1,good one though well describes problem
trump," It's not an accurate one at all. Its not an accurate one. So, I just want to give a lot of things and just to respond. ",0,accurate one
trump," It's not an accurate one at all. Its not an accurate one. So, I just want to give a lot of things and just to respond. ",0,its accurate one
trump," It's not an accurate one at all. Its not an accurate one. So, I just want to give a lot of things and just to respond. ",0,want give lot things respond
trump,"I agree with her on one thing. The single greatest problem the world has is nuclear armament, nuclear weapons. Not global warming, like you think and your president thinks. Nuclear is the single greatest threat. ",0,agree one thing
trump,"I agree with her on one thing. The single greatest problem the world has is nuclear armament, nuclear weapons. Not global warming, like you think and your president thinks. Nuclear is the single greatest threat. ",0,single greatest problem world nuclear armament nuclear weapons
trump,"I agree with her on one thing. The single greatest problem the world has is nuclear armament, nuclear weapons. Not global warming, like you think and your president thinks. Nuclear is the single greatest threat. ",0,global warming like think president thinks
trump,"I agree with her on one thing. The single greatest problem the world has is nuclear armament, nuclear weapons. Not global warming, like you think and your president thinks. Nuclear is the single greatest threat. ",0,nuclear single greatest threat
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,go list defend japan
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,defend germany
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,defend south korea defend saudi arabia
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,defend countries
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,pay paying providing tremendous service were losing fortune thats were losing
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,were losing lose everything
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,say makes
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,lose everything
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,said possible pay fair share isnt 40 years ago could
trump,"Just to go down the list, we defend Japan. We defend Germany. We defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia. We defend countries. They do not pay us what they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and were losing a fortune, thats why were losing. Were losing-we lose on everything. I say who makes these? We lose on everything. All I said, that it's very possible that if they don't pay a fair share, because this is isn't 40 years ago where we could do what we're doing. We can't defend Japan, a behemoth selling us cars by the millions. ",0,cant defend japan behemoth selling cars millions
trump," Alright, but its very important. All I said is they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We're a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.",0,alright its important
trump," Alright, but its very important. All I said is they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We're a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.",0,said may defend help
trump," Alright, but its very important. All I said is they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We're a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.",0,country owes $20 trillion
trump," Alright, but its very important. All I said is they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We're a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.",0,help
trump," Alright, but its very important. All I said is they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We're a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.",0,far nuclear concerned agree
trump," Alright, but its very important. All I said is they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We're a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.",0,single greatest threat country
trump," Well, I have to say that, you know, for, what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia. Shes very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their, they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night, I was seeing B-52s, theyre old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not keeping up with other countries. I'd like everybody to end it, just get rid of it, but I would certainly not do first strike. ",0,well say know secretary clinton saying nuclear russia
trump," Well, I have to say that, you know, for, what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia. Shes very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their, they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night, I was seeing B-52s, theyre old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not keeping up with other countries. I'd like everybody to end it, just get rid of it, but I would certainly not do first strike. ",0,shes cavalier way talks various countries
trump," Well, I have to say that, you know, for, what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia. Shes very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their, they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night, I was seeing B-52s, theyre old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not keeping up with other countries. I'd like everybody to end it, just get rid of it, but I would certainly not do first strike. ",0,russia expanding much newer capability
trump," Well, I have to say that, you know, for, what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia. Shes very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their, they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night, I was seeing B-52s, theyre old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not keeping up with other countries. I'd like everybody to end it, just get rid of it, but I would certainly not do first strike. ",0,updating new standpoint
trump," Well, I have to say that, you know, for, what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia. Shes very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their, they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night, I was seeing B-52s, theyre old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not keeping up with other countries. I'd like everybody to end it, just get rid of it, but I would certainly not do first strike. ",0,looked night seeing b 52s theyre old enough father grandfather could flying
trump," Well, I have to say that, you know, for, what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia. Shes very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their, they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night, I was seeing B-52s, theyre old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not keeping up with other countries. I'd like everybody to end it, just get rid of it, but I would certainly not do first strike. ",0,keeping countries
trump," Well, I have to say that, you know, for, what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia. Shes very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their, they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night, I was seeing B-52s, theyre old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not keeping up with other countries. I'd like everybody to end it, just get rid of it, but I would certainly not do first strike. ",0,id like everybody end rid would certainly first strike
trump,"I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can't take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we're doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea, China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea. ",0,think nuclear alternative happens
trump,"I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can't take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we're doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea, China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea. ",0,time prepared
trump,"I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can't take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we're doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea, China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea. ",0,cant take anything table
trump,"I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can't take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we're doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea, China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea. ",0,look countries look north korea nothing
trump,"I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can't take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we're doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea, China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea. ",0,china solve problem
trump,"I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can't take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we're doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea, China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea. ",0,china go north korea china totally powerful relates north korea
trump," And by the way, another one powerful is, the worst deal I think I've ever seen negotiated that you started, is the Iran deal. Iran is one of their biggest trading partners. Iran has power over North Korea. And when they made that horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they do something with respect to North Korea and they should have done something with respect to Yemen and all these other places, and when asked to Secretary Kerry, why didn't you do that? Why didnt you add other things into the deal? ",0,way another one powerful worst deal think ive ever seen negotiated started iran deal
trump," And by the way, another one powerful is, the worst deal I think I've ever seen negotiated that you started, is the Iran deal. Iran is one of their biggest trading partners. Iran has power over North Korea. And when they made that horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they do something with respect to North Korea and they should have done something with respect to Yemen and all these other places, and when asked to Secretary Kerry, why didn't you do that? Why didnt you add other things into the deal? ",0,iran one biggest trading partners
trump," And by the way, another one powerful is, the worst deal I think I've ever seen negotiated that you started, is the Iran deal. Iran is one of their biggest trading partners. Iran has power over North Korea. And when they made that horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they do something with respect to North Korea and they should have done something with respect to Yemen and all these other places, and when asked to Secretary Kerry, why didn't you do that? Why didnt you add other things into the deal? ",0,iran power north korea
trump," And by the way, another one powerful is, the worst deal I think I've ever seen negotiated that you started, is the Iran deal. Iran is one of their biggest trading partners. Iran has power over North Korea. And when they made that horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they do something with respect to North Korea and they should have done something with respect to Yemen and all these other places, and when asked to Secretary Kerry, why didn't you do that? Why didnt you add other things into the deal? ",0,made horrible deal iran included fact something respect north korea done something respect yemen places asked secretary kerry didnt
trump," And by the way, another one powerful is, the worst deal I think I've ever seen negotiated that you started, is the Iran deal. Iran is one of their biggest trading partners. Iran has power over North Korea. And when they made that horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they do something with respect to North Korea and they should have done something with respect to Yemen and all these other places, and when asked to Secretary Kerry, why didn't you do that? Why didnt you add other things into the deal? ",0,didnt add things deal
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,one great giveaways time time including $400 million cash
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,nobodys ever seen
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,turned wrong actually $17 billion cash
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,obviously guess hostages certainly looks way
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,say didnt make right deal
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,one worst deals ever made country history
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,deal iran lead nuclear problems sit back 10 years much
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,theyre gonna end getting nuclear
trump,"One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody's ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong, it was actually $1.7 billion in cash. Obviously, I guess for the hostages, it certainly looks that way. So you say to yourself, why didn't they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems, all they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don't have to do much. And theyre gonna end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day, believe me, he's not a happy camper. ",0,met bibi netanyahu day believe hes happy camper
clinton," Let me start by saying words matter. Words matter when you run for president, and they really matter when you are president. And I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties, and we will honor them. It is essential that America's word be good. And so I know that this campaign has caused some questioning and some worries on the part of many leaders across the globe. I've talked with a number of them. But I want to, on behalf of myself, and I think on behalf of a majority of the American people say that, you know, our word is good. ",1,let start saying words matter
clinton," Let me start by saying words matter. Words matter when you run for president, and they really matter when you are president. And I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties, and we will honor them. It is essential that America's word be good. And so I know that this campaign has caused some questioning and some worries on the part of many leaders across the globe. I've talked with a number of them. But I want to, on behalf of myself, and I think on behalf of a majority of the American people say that, you know, our word is good. ",1,words matter run president really matter president
clinton," Let me start by saying words matter. Words matter when you run for president, and they really matter when you are president. And I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties, and we will honor them. It is essential that America's word be good. And so I know that this campaign has caused some questioning and some worries on the part of many leaders across the globe. I've talked with a number of them. But I want to, on behalf of myself, and I think on behalf of a majority of the American people say that, you know, our word is good. ",1,want reassure allies japan south korea elsewhere mutual defense treaties honor
clinton," Let me start by saying words matter. Words matter when you run for president, and they really matter when you are president. And I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties, and we will honor them. It is essential that America's word be good. And so I know that this campaign has caused some questioning and some worries on the part of many leaders across the globe. I've talked with a number of them. But I want to, on behalf of myself, and I think on behalf of a majority of the American people say that, you know, our word is good. ",1,essential americas word good
clinton," Let me start by saying words matter. Words matter when you run for president, and they really matter when you are president. And I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties, and we will honor them. It is essential that America's word be good. And so I know that this campaign has caused some questioning and some worries on the part of many leaders across the globe. I've talked with a number of them. But I want to, on behalf of myself, and I think on behalf of a majority of the American people say that, you know, our word is good. ",1,know campaign caused questioning worries part many leaders across globe
clinton," Let me start by saying words matter. Words matter when you run for president, and they really matter when you are president. And I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties, and we will honor them. It is essential that America's word be good. And so I know that this campaign has caused some questioning and some worries on the part of many leaders across the globe. I've talked with a number of them. But I want to, on behalf of myself, and I think on behalf of a majority of the American people say that, you know, our word is good. ",1,ive talked number
clinton," Let me start by saying words matter. Words matter when you run for president, and they really matter when you are president. And I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties, and we will honor them. It is essential that America's word be good. And so I know that this campaign has caused some questioning and some worries on the part of many leaders across the globe. I've talked with a number of them. But I want to, on behalf of myself, and I think on behalf of a majority of the American people say that, you know, our word is good. ",1,want behalf think behalf majority american people say know word good
clinton,"It's also important that we look at the entire global situation. There's no doubt that we have other problems with Iran, but personally, I'd rather deal with the other problems having put that lid on their nuclear program than still to be facing that. And Donald never tells you what he would do. Would he have started a war? Would he have bombed Iran? If he's going to criticize a deal that has been very successful in giving us access to Iranian facilities that we never had before, then he should tell us what his alternative would be. ",1,also important look entire global situation
clinton,"It's also important that we look at the entire global situation. There's no doubt that we have other problems with Iran, but personally, I'd rather deal with the other problems having put that lid on their nuclear program than still to be facing that. And Donald never tells you what he would do. Would he have started a war? Would he have bombed Iran? If he's going to criticize a deal that has been very successful in giving us access to Iranian facilities that we never had before, then he should tell us what his alternative would be. ",1,theres doubt problems iran personally id rather deal problems put lid nuclear program still facing
clinton,"It's also important that we look at the entire global situation. There's no doubt that we have other problems with Iran, but personally, I'd rather deal with the other problems having put that lid on their nuclear program than still to be facing that. And Donald never tells you what he would do. Would he have started a war? Would he have bombed Iran? If he's going to criticize a deal that has been very successful in giving us access to Iranian facilities that we never had before, then he should tell us what his alternative would be. ",1,donald never tells would
clinton,"It's also important that we look at the entire global situation. There's no doubt that we have other problems with Iran, but personally, I'd rather deal with the other problems having put that lid on their nuclear program than still to be facing that. And Donald never tells you what he would do. Would he have started a war? Would he have bombed Iran? If he's going to criticize a deal that has been very successful in giving us access to Iranian facilities that we never had before, then he should tell us what his alternative would be. ",1,would started war
clinton,"It's also important that we look at the entire global situation. There's no doubt that we have other problems with Iran, but personally, I'd rather deal with the other problems having put that lid on their nuclear program than still to be facing that. And Donald never tells you what he would do. Would he have started a war? Would he have bombed Iran? If he's going to criticize a deal that has been very successful in giving us access to Iranian facilities that we never had before, then he should tell us what his alternative would be. ",1,would bombed iran
clinton,"It's also important that we look at the entire global situation. There's no doubt that we have other problems with Iran, but personally, I'd rather deal with the other problems having put that lid on their nuclear program than still to be facing that. And Donald never tells you what he would do. Would he have started a war? Would he have bombed Iran? If he's going to criticize a deal that has been very successful in giving us access to Iranian facilities that we never had before, then he should tell us what his alternative would be. ",1,hes going criticize deal successful giving access iranian facilities never tell alternative would
clinton," But it's like his plan to defeat ISIS. He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he has no plan. So we need to be more precise in how we talk about these issues. People around the world follow our presidential campaigns so closely, trying to get hints about what we will do. Can they rely on us? Are we going to lead the world with strength and in accordance with our values? ",1,like plan defeat isis
clinton," But it's like his plan to defeat ISIS. He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he has no plan. So we need to be more precise in how we talk about these issues. People around the world follow our presidential campaigns so closely, trying to get hints about what we will do. Can they rely on us? Are we going to lead the world with strength and in accordance with our values? ",1,says secret plan secret plan
clinton," But it's like his plan to defeat ISIS. He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he has no plan. So we need to be more precise in how we talk about these issues. People around the world follow our presidential campaigns so closely, trying to get hints about what we will do. Can they rely on us? Are we going to lead the world with strength and in accordance with our values? ",1,need precise talk issues
clinton," But it's like his plan to defeat ISIS. He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he has no plan. So we need to be more precise in how we talk about these issues. People around the world follow our presidential campaigns so closely, trying to get hints about what we will do. Can they rely on us? Are we going to lead the world with strength and in accordance with our values? ",1,people around world follow presidential campaigns closely trying hints
clinton," But it's like his plan to defeat ISIS. He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he has no plan. So we need to be more precise in how we talk about these issues. People around the world follow our presidential campaigns so closely, trying to get hints about what we will do. Can they rely on us? Are we going to lead the world with strength and in accordance with our values? ",1,rely
clinton," But it's like his plan to defeat ISIS. He says it's a secret plan, but the only secret is that he has no plan. So we need to be more precise in how we talk about these issues. People around the world follow our presidential campaigns so closely, trying to get hints about what we will do. Can they rely on us? Are we going to lead the world with strength and in accordance with our values? ",1,going lead world strength accordance values
clinton,"That's what I intend to do. I intend to be a leader of our country that people can count on both here at home and around the world to make decisions that will further peace and prosperity but also stand up to bullies, whether they're abroad or at home. We cannot let those who would try to destabilize the world, to interfere with American interests and security --",1,intend
clinton,"That's what I intend to do. I intend to be a leader of our country that people can count on both here at home and around the world to make decisions that will further peace and prosperity but also stand up to bullies, whether they're abroad or at home. We cannot let those who would try to destabilize the world, to interfere with American interests and security --",1,intend leader country people count home around world make decisions peace prosperity also stand bullies whether theyre abroad home
clinton,"That's what I intend to do. I intend to be a leader of our country that people can count on both here at home and around the world to make decisions that will further peace and prosperity but also stand up to bullies, whether they're abroad or at home. We cannot let those who would try to destabilize the world, to interfere with American interests and security --",1,cannot let would try destabilize world interfere american interests security
clinton, -- if given any opportunities at all.,1,given opportunities
trump," Lester, ne thing I'd like to say. ",0,lester ne thing id like say
trump," I will be very quickly. But I will tell you, Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now it's getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they're in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations and it's a big problem, and as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies. But we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policeman of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world. ",0,quickly
trump," I will be very quickly. But I will tell you, Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now it's getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they're in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations and it's a big problem, and as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies. But we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policeman of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world. ",0,tell hillary tell go website read defeat isis could defeated never know going first place
trump," I will be very quickly. But I will tell you, Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now it's getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they're in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations and it's a big problem, and as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies. But we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policeman of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world. ",0,right getting tougher tougher defeat theyre places states nations big problem far japan concerned want help allies
trump," I will be very quickly. But I will tell you, Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now it's getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they're in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations and it's a big problem, and as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies. But we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policeman of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world. ",0,losing billions billions dollars
trump," I will be very quickly. But I will tell you, Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now it's getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they're in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations and it's a big problem, and as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies. But we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policeman of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world. ",0,cannot policeman world
trump," I will be very quickly. But I will tell you, Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now it's getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they're in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations and it's a big problem, and as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies. But we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policeman of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world. ",0,cannot protect countries world
trump, Where they're not paying us what we need. ,0,theyre paying need
trump," She doesnt say that, because she has no business ability. We need heart, we need a lot of things, but you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn't have that. All of the things that she's talking about could have been taken care of during the last ten years, let's say, while she had great power, but they weren't taken care. And if she ever wins this race, they won't be taken care of.",0,doesnt say business ability
trump," She doesnt say that, because she has no business ability. We need heart, we need a lot of things, but you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn't have that. All of the things that she's talking about could have been taken care of during the last ten years, let's say, while she had great power, but they weren't taken care. And if she ever wins this race, they won't be taken care of.",0,need heart need lot things basic ability
trump," She doesnt say that, because she has no business ability. We need heart, we need a lot of things, but you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn't have that. All of the things that she's talking about could have been taken care of during the last ten years, let's say, while she had great power, but they weren't taken care. And if she ever wins this race, they won't be taken care of.",0,sadly doesnt
trump," She doesnt say that, because she has no business ability. We need heart, we need a lot of things, but you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn't have that. All of the things that she's talking about could have been taken care of during the last ten years, let's say, while she had great power, but they weren't taken care. And if she ever wins this race, they won't be taken care of.",0,things shes talking could taken care last ten years lets say great power werent taken care
trump," She doesnt say that, because she has no business ability. We need heart, we need a lot of things, but you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn't have that. All of the things that she's talking about could have been taken care of during the last ten years, let's say, while she had great power, but they weren't taken care. And if she ever wins this race, they won't be taken care of.",0,ever wins race wont taken care
trump," She doesn't have the look. She doesn't have the stamina. I said she doesn't have the stamina, and I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina. ",0,doesnt look
trump," She doesn't have the look. She doesn't have the stamina. I said she doesn't have the stamina, and I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina. ",0,doesnt stamina
trump," She doesn't have the look. She doesn't have the stamina. I said she doesn't have the stamina, and I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina. ",0,said doesnt stamina believe stamina
trump," She doesn't have the look. She doesn't have the stamina. I said she doesn't have the stamina, and I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina. ",0,president country need tremendous stamina
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,wait minute lester
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,asked question
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,ask question
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,able negotiate trade deals
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,able negotiate
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,right
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,japan saudi arabia
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,mean imagine defending saudi arabia money defending theyre paying speak
trump," Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate. That's right. With Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we're defending Saudi Arabia and with all of the money they have, we're defending them, and they're not paying, all you have to do is speak to them. Wait, you have so many different things, you have to be able to do, and I don't believe that Hillary has the stamina. ",0,wait many different things able believe hillary stamina
clinton," Well, as soon as he travels to 112 countries and negotiates a peace deal, a cease-fire, a release of dissidents, an opening of new opportunities in nations around the world or even spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina. ",1,well soon travels 112 countries negotiates peace deal cease fire release dissidents opening new opportunities nations around world even spends 11 hours testifying front congressional committee talk stamina
trump, The world. ,0,world
trump,(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE),0,cheers applause
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,let tell
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,let tell
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,hillary experience bad experience
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,made many bad deals last experience agree
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,bad bad experience whether iran deal youre love gave $150 billion back
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,whether its iran deal whether its uh anything man almost cant name good deal
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,agree shes got experience bad experience
trump," Let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last -- So she has experience, I agree. But it's bad, bad experience, whether it's the Iran deal that you're so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back. Whether its the Iran deal, whether its uh, anything -- man, you almost can't name a good deal. I agree, she's got experience, but it's bad experience. And this country can't afford to have another four years of that kind of bad experience. ",0,country cant afford another four years kind bad experience
trump,(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE),0,cheers applause
clinton," One thing, Lester. He tried to switch from looks to stamina. But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs, and dogs. And someone who has said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers, who has said -- ",1,one thing lester
clinton," One thing, Lester. He tried to switch from looks to stamina. But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs, and dogs. And someone who has said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers, who has said -- ",1,tried switch looks stamina
clinton," One thing, Lester. He tried to switch from looks to stamina. But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs, and dogs. And someone who has said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers, who has said -- ",1,man called women pigs slobs dogs
clinton," One thing, Lester. He tried to switch from looks to stamina. But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs, and dogs. And someone who has said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers, who has said -- ",1,someone said pregnancy inconvenience employers said
trump, I never said that.,0,never said
clinton, Women don't deserve equal pay unless they do as good a job as men. ,1,women deserve equal pay unless good job men
trump, Didnt say that.,0,didnt say
clinton," And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest. He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman Ms. Piggy. Then he called her Ms. Housekeeping, because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name. ",1,one worst things said woman beauty contest
clinton," And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest. He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman Ms. Piggy. Then he called her Ms. Housekeeping, because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name. ",1,loves beauty contests supporting hanging around
clinton," And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest. He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman Ms. Piggy. Then he called her Ms. Housekeeping, because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name. ",1,called woman ms piggy
clinton," And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest. He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman Ms. Piggy. Then he called her Ms. Housekeeping, because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name. ",1,called ms housekeeping latina
clinton," And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest. He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman Ms. Piggy. Then he called her Ms. Housekeeping, because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name. ",1,donald name
trump, Where did you find this? Where did you find this?,0,find
trump, Where did you find this? Where did you find this?,0,find
clinton," Her name is Alicia Machado and she has become a U.S. citizen, and you can bet she's going to vote this November. ",1,name alicia machado become citizen bet shes going vote november
trump," OK, good. Let me just tell you. ",0,ok good
trump," OK, good. Let me just tell you. ",0,let tell
trump," Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it's said in entertainment, some of its said to somebody who's been very tough to me, Rosie O'Donnell. I said very tough things to her and I think that everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth? I was going to say something -- ",0,hillary hitting tremendous commercials
trump," Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it's said in entertainment, some of its said to somebody who's been very tough to me, Rosie O'Donnell. I said very tough things to her and I think that everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth? I was going to say something -- ",0,said entertainment its said somebody whos tough rosie odonnell
trump," Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it's said in entertainment, some of its said to somebody who's been very tough to me, Rosie O'Donnell. I said very tough things to her and I think that everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth? I was going to say something -- ",0,said tough things think everybody would agree deserves nobody feels sorry
trump," Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it's said in entertainment, some of its said to somebody who's been very tough to me, Rosie O'Donnell. I said very tough things to her and I think that everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth? I was going to say something -- ",0,want know truth
trump," Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it's said in entertainment, some of its said to somebody who's been very tough to me, Rosie O'Donnell. I said very tough things to her and I think that everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth? I was going to say something -- ",0,going say something
trump," Extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. But she's spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue, theyre and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done. Its hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money--",0,extremely rough hillary family said cant
trump," Extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. But she's spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue, theyre and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done. Its hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money--",0,cant
trump," Extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. But she's spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue, theyre and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done. Its hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money--",0,inappropriate
trump," Extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. But she's spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue, theyre and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done. Its hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money--",0,nice
trump," Extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. But she's spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue, theyre and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done. Its hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money--",0,shes spent hundreds millions dollars negative ads many absolutely untrue theyre theyre misrepresentations tell lester nice deserve certainly nice thing shes done
trump," Extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. But she's spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue, theyre and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done. Its hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money--",0,its hundreds millions ads
trump," Extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. But she's spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue, theyre and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done. Its hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money--",0,gratifying thing saw polls come today money
trump," -- over $200 million spent, and I'm either winning or tied. And Ive spent practically nothing.",0,$200 million spent either winning tied
trump," -- over $200 million spent, and I'm either winning or tied. And Ive spent practically nothing.",0,ive spent practically nothing
clinton," Well, I support our democracy. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election. And I know Donald's trying very hard to plant doubts about it, but I hope the people out there understand: This elections really up to you. It's not about us so much as it is about you and your families and the kind of country and future you want. So I sure hope you will get out and vote as though your future depended on it because it does. ",1,well support democracy
clinton," Well, I support our democracy. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election. And I know Donald's trying very hard to plant doubts about it, but I hope the people out there understand: This elections really up to you. It's not about us so much as it is about you and your families and the kind of country and future you want. So I sure hope you will get out and vote as though your future depended on it because it does. ",1,sometimes win
clinton," Well, I support our democracy. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election. And I know Donald's trying very hard to plant doubts about it, but I hope the people out there understand: This elections really up to you. It's not about us so much as it is about you and your families and the kind of country and future you want. So I sure hope you will get out and vote as though your future depended on it because it does. ",1,sometimes lose
clinton," Well, I support our democracy. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election. And I know Donald's trying very hard to plant doubts about it, but I hope the people out there understand: This elections really up to you. It's not about us so much as it is about you and your families and the kind of country and future you want. So I sure hope you will get out and vote as though your future depended on it because it does. ",1,certainly support outcome election
clinton," Well, I support our democracy. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election. And I know Donald's trying very hard to plant doubts about it, but I hope the people out there understand: This elections really up to you. It's not about us so much as it is about you and your families and the kind of country and future you want. So I sure hope you will get out and vote as though your future depended on it because it does. ",1,know donalds trying hard plant doubts hope people understand elections really
clinton," Well, I support our democracy. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election. And I know Donald's trying very hard to plant doubts about it, but I hope the people out there understand: This elections really up to you. It's not about us so much as it is about you and your families and the kind of country and future you want. So I sure hope you will get out and vote as though your future depended on it because it does. ",1,much families kind country future want
clinton," Well, I support our democracy. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election. And I know Donald's trying very hard to plant doubts about it, but I hope the people out there understand: This elections really up to you. It's not about us so much as it is about you and your families and the kind of country and future you want. So I sure hope you will get out and vote as though your future depended on it because it does. ",1,sure hope vote though future depended
trump," I want to make America great again. We are a nation that is seriously troubled. Were losing our jobs, people are pouring into our country.",0,want make america great
trump," I want to make America great again. We are a nation that is seriously troubled. Were losing our jobs, people are pouring into our country.",0,nation seriously troubled
trump," I want to make America great again. We are a nation that is seriously troubled. Were losing our jobs, people are pouring into our country.",0,were losing jobs people pouring country
trump,"The other day we were deporting 800 people. And perhaps they pressed the wrong button, they press the wrong button, or perhaps worse than that, it was corruption. But These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens, and it was 800, and now it turns out, it might be 1800, and they don't even know. ",0,day deporting 800 people
trump,"The other day we were deporting 800 people. And perhaps they pressed the wrong button, they press the wrong button, or perhaps worse than that, it was corruption. But These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens, and it was 800, and now it turns out, it might be 1800, and they don't even know. ",0,perhaps pressed wrong button press wrong button perhaps worse corruption
trump,"The other day we were deporting 800 people. And perhaps they pressed the wrong button, they press the wrong button, or perhaps worse than that, it was corruption. But These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens, and it was 800, and now it turns out, it might be 1800, and they don't even know. ",0,people going deport good reason ended becoming citizens
trump,"The other day we were deporting 800 people. And perhaps they pressed the wrong button, they press the wrong button, or perhaps worse than that, it was corruption. But These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens, and it was 800, and now it turns out, it might be 1800, and they don't even know. ",0,ended becoming citizens 800 turns might 1800 even know
trump," I want to make America great again. Im going to be able to do it, I dont think Hillary will. The answer is, If she wins, I will absolutely support her.",0,want make america great
trump," I want to make America great again. Im going to be able to do it, I dont think Hillary will. The answer is, If she wins, I will absolutely support her.",0,im going able dont think hillary
trump," I want to make America great again. Im going to be able to do it, I dont think Hillary will. The answer is, If she wins, I will absolutely support her.",0,answer wins absolutely support
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,thank
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,teacher
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,yes think good question heard lots teachers parents concerns things said done campaign
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,think important make clear children country really great good
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,going respect one another lift
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,going looking ways celebrate diversity going try reach every boy girl well every adult bring working behalf country
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,positive optimistic view together
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,thats slogan campaign stronger together
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,think work together overcome divisiveness sometimes sets americans one another instead make big goals ive set forth big goals getting economy work everyone top
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,making sure best education preschool college making affordable much else
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,set goals go together try achieve nothing opinion america cant
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,hope come together campaign
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,obviously hoping earn vote im hoping elected november promise work every american
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,want president americans regardless political beliefs look like religion
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,want heal country bring together
clinton," Thank you. Are you a teacher? Yes, I think that's a very good question because I heard from lots of teachers and parents about some of our concerns about some of the things being said and done in this campaign. And I think it is very important for us to make clear to our children that our country really is great because we are good. And we are going to respect one another, lift each other up. We are going to be looking for ways to celebrate our diversity and we are going to try to reach out to every boy and girl as well as every adult to bring them into working on behalf of our country. I have a positive and optimistic view of what we can do together. Thats why the slogan of my campaign is stronger together. Because I think if we work together, if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets Americans against one another and instead we make some big goals and Ive set forth some big goals, getting the economy to work for everyone, not just those at the top. Making sure we have the best education from preschool through college and making it affordable and so much else. If we set those goals and we go together to try to achieve them, there is nothing, in my opinion, America can't do. I hope we will all come together in this campaign. Obviously I'm hoping to earn your vote, Im hoping to be elected in November and I can promise you I will work with every American. I want to be the president for all Americans regardless of your political beliefs, what you look like, your religion. I want us to heal our country and bring it together. Because that's, I think, the best way to get the future that our children and grandchildren deserve.",1,think best way future children grandchildren deserve
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,well ill actually agree
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,agree everything said
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,began campaign tired seeing foolish things happen country
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,great country
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,great land
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,gotten know people country last year half politician
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,cannot believe saying guess politician
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,whole concept make america great
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,watch deals made
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,watch whats happening horrible things like obamacare health insurance health care going numbers astronomical 68% 59% 71%
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,look iran deal bad deal its one sided transaction were giving back $150 billion terrorist state really number one terrorist state weve made strong country really weak country three years ago
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,look things see potential country tremendous potential
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,whether business trade badly
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,last year almost $800 billion trade deficit
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,words trading countries
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,$800 billion deficit
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,its hard believe
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,inconceivable
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,say whos making deals
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,were going make great trade deals were going strong border were going bring back law order
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,today policeman shot
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,two killed
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,happening weekly basis
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,bring back respect law enforcement
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,time take cake people sides
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,need justice
trump," Well Ill actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I have gotten to know the people of the country over the last year and a half that I have been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made. When I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical: 68%, 59%, 71%. When I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, its a one-sided transaction, where were giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really the number one terrorist state, weve made them a strong country from, really, a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential. Whether it's in business and trade, where we are doing so badly. Last year we had an almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. Its hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say whos making these deals? Were going to make great trade deals, were going to have a strong border, were going to bring back law and order. Just today, policeman was shot. Two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time we have to take cake of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that havent been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great and for the Latinos, hispanics, and I looking forward to doing- Its called make America great again.",0,want things havent done including fixing making inner cities better african american citizens great latinos hispanics looking forward its called make america great
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,didnt say
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,think understood said
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,locker room talk
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,proud
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,apologize family apologized american people
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,certainly proud
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,locker room talk
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,know world isis chopping heads frankly drowning people steel cages wars horrible horrible sights many bad things happening like medieval times
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,havent seen anything likes
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,carnage world look see imagine people frankly well isis look country see whats going
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,yes embarrassed hate locker room talk its one things
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,knock hell isis
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,going defeat isis
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,isis happened number years ago vacuum left bad judgment
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,tell take care isis
trump," No, I didnt say that at all. I don't think you understood what was said. This was locker room talk. I am not proud of it. I apologize to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I am not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have them, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over and you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We havent seen anything likes this. The carnage all over the world and they look and they see, can you imagine the people that are frankly doing so well against us with ISIS and they look at our country and see what's going on. Yes, I am very embarrassed by it and I hate it, but it's locker room talk and its one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We are going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. We need to get on to much more important and bigger things.",0,need much important bigger things
trump, I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do. ,0,great respect women
trump, I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do. ,0,nobody respect women
trump," Frankly, you hear these things. They are said. And I was am embarrassed by it. But I have respect for women--",0,frankly hear things
trump," Frankly, you hear these things. They are said. And I was am embarrassed by it. But I have respect for women--",0,said
trump," Frankly, you hear these things. They are said. And I was am embarrassed by it. But I have respect for women--",0,embarrassed
trump," Frankly, you hear these things. They are said. And I was am embarrassed by it. But I have respect for women--",0,respect women
trump," -- And they have respect for me. And I will tell you, no I have not. And I will tell you, that Im going to make our country safe and were going to have borders which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country and theyre coming in from the Middle East and other places. Were gonna make America safe again, were gonna make America great again but were gonna make America safe again and were gonna make America wealthy again. Because if you don't do that, it just, it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Other nations are taking our job and theyre taking our wealth. ",0,respect
trump," -- And they have respect for me. And I will tell you, no I have not. And I will tell you, that Im going to make our country safe and were going to have borders which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country and theyre coming in from the Middle East and other places. Were gonna make America safe again, were gonna make America great again but were gonna make America safe again and were gonna make America wealthy again. Because if you don't do that, it just, it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Other nations are taking our job and theyre taking our wealth. ",0,tell
trump," -- And they have respect for me. And I will tell you, no I have not. And I will tell you, that Im going to make our country safe and were going to have borders which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country and theyre coming in from the Middle East and other places. Were gonna make America safe again, were gonna make America great again but were gonna make America safe again and were gonna make America wealthy again. Because if you don't do that, it just, it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Other nations are taking our job and theyre taking our wealth. ",0,tell im going make country safe were going borders
trump," -- And they have respect for me. And I will tell you, no I have not. And I will tell you, that Im going to make our country safe and were going to have borders which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country and theyre coming in from the Middle East and other places. Were gonna make America safe again, were gonna make America great again but were gonna make America safe again and were gonna make America wealthy again. Because if you don't do that, it just, it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Other nations are taking our job and theyre taking our wealth. ",0,people pouring country theyre coming middle east places
trump," -- And they have respect for me. And I will tell you, no I have not. And I will tell you, that Im going to make our country safe and were going to have borders which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country and theyre coming in from the Middle East and other places. Were gonna make America safe again, were gonna make America great again but were gonna make America safe again and were gonna make America wealthy again. Because if you don't do that, it just, it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Other nations are taking our job and theyre taking our wealth. ",0,were gonna make america safe were gonna make america great were gonna make america safe were gonna make america wealthy
trump," -- And they have respect for me. And I will tell you, no I have not. And I will tell you, that Im going to make our country safe and were going to have borders which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country and theyre coming in from the Middle East and other places. Were gonna make America safe again, were gonna make America great again but were gonna make America safe again and were gonna make America wealthy again. Because if you don't do that, it just, it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Other nations are taking our job and theyre taking our wealth. ",0,sounds harsh say build wealth nation
trump," -- And they have respect for me. And I will tell you, no I have not. And I will tell you, that Im going to make our country safe and were going to have borders which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country and theyre coming in from the Middle East and other places. Were gonna make America safe again, were gonna make America great again but were gonna make America safe again and were gonna make America wealthy again. Because if you don't do that, it just, it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Other nations are taking our job and theyre taking our wealth. ",0,nations taking job theyre taking wealth
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,well like everyone else ive spent lot time thinking last 48 hours heard saw
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,know prior republican nominees president disagreed politics policies principles never questioned fitness serve
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,donald trump different
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,said starting back june fit president commander chief
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,many republicans independents said thing
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,saw heard friday donald talking women thinks women women said video doesnt represent
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,think clear anyone heard represents exactly
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,seen throughout campaign
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,seen insult women
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,seen rate women appearance ranking one ten weve seen embarrass women tv twitter
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,saw first debate spend nearly week denigrating former miss universe harshest personal terms
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,yes donald trump
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,women its video raises questions fitness president
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,also targeted immigrants african americans latinos people disabilities pows muslims many others
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,donald trump
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,question question country must answer
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,go back question want send message
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,every boy girl indeed entire world
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,america already great great good
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,respect one another work one another celebrate diversity
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,important values america know love
clinton," Well, like everyone else, Ive spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw. You know, with prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald Trump is different. I said starting back in June that he was not fit to be president and commander in chief. And many Republicans and independents have said the same thing. What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women, what he thinks about women, what he does to women, and he has said that the video doesnt represent who he is. But I think it's clear to anyone who heard it, that it represents exactly who he is. Because we have seen this throughout the campaign. We have seen him insult women. We have seen him rate women on their appearance, ranking them from one to ten, weve seen him embarrass women on TV and on Twitter. We saw him after the first debate, spend nearly a week denigrating a former miss universe in the harshest, most personal terms. So, yes, this is who Donald Trump is. But it's not only women and its not only this video that raises questions about his fitness to be our president. Because he has also targeted immigrants, African-Americans, Latinos, people with disabilities, POWs, Muslims and so many others. So this is who Donald Trump is. And the question for us, the question our country must answer is that this is not who we are. That's why to go back to your question, I want to send a message. We all should, to every boy and girl and indeed, to the entire world. That America already is great, but we are great because we are good. And we will respect one another and we will work with one another and we will celebrate our diversity. These are very important values to me because this is the America that I know and love. And I can pledge to you tonight that this is the America that I will serve if I'm so fortunate enough to become your president.",1,pledge tonight america serve fortunate enough become president
trump, Id like to respond to that. I assume I can.,0,id like respond
trump, Id like to respond to that. I assume I can.,0,assume
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,words folks
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,words
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,words hearing many years
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,heard running senate new york hillary going bring back jobs upstate new york failed
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,ive heard hillary constantly talking inner cities country disaster education wise job wise safety wise every way possible
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,im going help african americans im going help latinos hispanics
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,going help inner cities
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,done terrible job african americans
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,wants vote nothing
trump," It's just words, folks. It's just words. These words, I have been hearing for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. Ive heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country which are a disaster education-wise, job-wise, safety-wise, in every way possible. Im going to help the African-Americans, Im going to help the Latinos, hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She has done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote and she does nothing. And then she comes back four years later, we saw that firsthand when she saw United States senator, she campaigned where-- ",0,comes back four years later saw firsthand saw united states senator campaigned
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,locker room talk
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,proud
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,person great respect people family people country certainly proud something happened
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,look bill clinton far worse
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,mine words action
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,words done women
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,theres never anybody history politics nation abusive women
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,say way want say bill clinton abusive women
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,hillary clinton attacked women attacked viciously four tonight
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,one women wonderful woman 12 years old raped
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,12
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,client represented got seen laughing two occasions laughing girl raped
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,kathy shelton young woman tonight
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,tell words
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,absolutely apologize words things people say president clinton impeached lost license practice law pay $850000 fine one women
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,paula jones also tonight
trump," That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country and certainly I am not proud of it, but that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words and his was action. His words, what he has done to women. Theres never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that has been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton is abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman at 12 years old was raped. At 12. Her client, she represented, got him off and she is seen laughing on two occasions laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman, is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. ",0,tell hillary brings point like talks words said 11 years ago think disgraceful think ashamed want know truth
clinton," Well, first let me start by saying that so much of what he just said is not right, but he gets to run his campaign any way he chooses. He gets to decide what he wants to talk about instead of answering people's questions, talking about our agenda, laying out the plans that we have that we think can make a better life and a better country. That's his choice. When I hear something like that, I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all. When they go low, you go high. ",1,well first let start saying much said right gets run campaign way chooses
clinton," Well, first let me start by saying that so much of what he just said is not right, but he gets to run his campaign any way he chooses. He gets to decide what he wants to talk about instead of answering people's questions, talking about our agenda, laying out the plans that we have that we think can make a better life and a better country. That's his choice. When I hear something like that, I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all. When they go low, you go high. ",1,gets decide wants talk instead answering peoples questions talking agenda laying plans think make better life better country
clinton," Well, first let me start by saying that so much of what he just said is not right, but he gets to run his campaign any way he chooses. He gets to decide what he wants to talk about instead of answering people's questions, talking about our agenda, laying out the plans that we have that we think can make a better life and a better country. That's his choice. When I hear something like that, I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all. When they go low, you go high. ",1,choice
clinton," Well, first let me start by saying that so much of what he just said is not right, but he gets to run his campaign any way he chooses. He gets to decide what he wants to talk about instead of answering people's questions, talking about our agenda, laying out the plans that we have that we think can make a better life and a better country. That's his choice. When I hear something like that, I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all. When they go low, you go high. ",1,hear something like reminded friend michelle obama advised
clinton," Well, first let me start by saying that so much of what he just said is not right, but he gets to run his campaign any way he chooses. He gets to decide what he wants to talk about instead of answering people's questions, talking about our agenda, laying out the plans that we have that we think can make a better life and a better country. That's his choice. When I hear something like that, I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all. When they go low, you go high. ",1,go low go high
clinton,[ Applause ] ,1,applause
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,look one video maybe saying tonight would understandable
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,everyone draw conclusions point whether man video man stage respects women
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,never apologizes anything anyone
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,never apologized mr mrs khan gold star family whose son captain khan died line duty iraq donald insulted attacked weeks religion
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,never apologized distinguished federal judge born indiana donald said couldnt trusted judge parents mexican
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,never apologized reporter mimicked mocked national television children watching
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,never apologized racist lie president obama born united states america
clinton,"And look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he is saying tonight would be understandable. But everyone can draw their own conclusions at this point about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes for anything to anyone. He never apologized to Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the gold star family whose son, Captain Khan died in the line of duty in Iraq and Donald insulted and attacked them for weeks over their religion. He never apologized to the distinguished federal judge who was born in Indiana, but Donald said he couldn't be trusted to be a judge because his parents were ""Mexican."" He never apologized to the reporter that he mimicked and mocked on national television and our children were watching. And he never apologized for the racist lie that President Obama was not born in the United States of America. He owes the president an apology and he owes our country an apology and he needs to take responsibility for his actions and his words. ",1,owes president apology owes country apology needs take responsibility actions words
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,well owe president apology know well campaign sidney blumenthal hes another real winner hes one got started along campaign manager television two weeks ago saying exactly
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,really owe apology
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,youre one sent pictures around campaign sent pictures around president obama certain garb long ever involved
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,actually owe apology
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,number two michelle obama
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,ive gotten see commercials ive gotten see vicious commercials ive ever seen michelle obama talking hillary
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,talk framed go back take look commercials
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,race lost fair square unlike bernie sanders race fair square opinion take look wikileaks see said bernie sanders see debra wasserman schultz mind bernie sanders superdelegates debra wasserman schultz never chance surprised see sign devil
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,talk apology think one really apologizing thing apologizing 33000 e mails deleted acid washed two boxes e mails things last week taken office missing
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,tell didnt think would say going hate say
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,win going instruct attorney general special prosecutor look situation
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,never many lies much deception
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,never anything like
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,were gonna special prosecutor
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,speak go speak people country furious
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,opinion people long time workers fbi furious
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,never anything like e mails subpoena
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,subpoena getting subpoena delete 33000 e mails acid wash bleach would say
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,expensive process
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,were gonna special prosecutor were gonna look
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,know people lives destroyed 1 5 done
trump," Well you owe the president an apology because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal, hes another real winner that you have and hes the one that got this started along with your campaign manager and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. Youre the one that sent the pictures around, your campaign sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb, that was long before I was ever involved. So you actually owe an apology. Number two, Michelle Obama. Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and the Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen, of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary. So you talk about framed, go back and take a look at those commercials. A race where you lost, fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion and all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they said about Bernie Sanders and see what Debra Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between superdelegates and Debra Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance and I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil. But when we talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for, the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted and that you acid washed and the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing. And I tell you what, I didn't think I would say this, but I'm going to and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it. And were gonna have a special prosecutor. When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long time workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where e-mails, and you get a subpoena. You get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 e-mails and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say. Very expensive process. So were gonna get a special prosecutor and were gonna look into it. Because you know what, people have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5 of what you have done. And its a disgrace, and honestly, you oughta be ashamed of yourself. ",0,its disgrace honestly oughta ashamed
clinton," Everything he just said is absolutely false, but Im not surprised. In the first debate, I told people it would be impossible to be fact checking Donald all the time. I would never get to talk about anything Id want to do and how were really, going to really, make lives better for people. So once again, go to Hillaryclinton.com. We have literally Trump - you can fact check him in real time. Last time at the first debate ,we had millions of people fact checking so I expect we will have millions more fact checking because, you know, it's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country. ",1,everything said absolutely false im surprised
clinton," Everything he just said is absolutely false, but Im not surprised. In the first debate, I told people it would be impossible to be fact checking Donald all the time. I would never get to talk about anything Id want to do and how were really, going to really, make lives better for people. So once again, go to Hillaryclinton.com. We have literally Trump - you can fact check him in real time. Last time at the first debate ,we had millions of people fact checking so I expect we will have millions more fact checking because, you know, it's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country. ",1,first debate told people would impossible fact checking donald time
clinton," Everything he just said is absolutely false, but Im not surprised. In the first debate, I told people it would be impossible to be fact checking Donald all the time. I would never get to talk about anything Id want to do and how were really, going to really, make lives better for people. So once again, go to Hillaryclinton.com. We have literally Trump - you can fact check him in real time. Last time at the first debate ,we had millions of people fact checking so I expect we will have millions more fact checking because, you know, it's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country. ",1,would never talk anything id want were really going really make lives better people
clinton," Everything he just said is absolutely false, but Im not surprised. In the first debate, I told people it would be impossible to be fact checking Donald all the time. I would never get to talk about anything Id want to do and how were really, going to really, make lives better for people. So once again, go to Hillaryclinton.com. We have literally Trump - you can fact check him in real time. Last time at the first debate ,we had millions of people fact checking so I expect we will have millions more fact checking because, you know, it's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country. ",1,go hillaryclintoncom
clinton," Everything he just said is absolutely false, but Im not surprised. In the first debate, I told people it would be impossible to be fact checking Donald all the time. I would never get to talk about anything Id want to do and how were really, going to really, make lives better for people. So once again, go to Hillaryclinton.com. We have literally Trump - you can fact check him in real time. Last time at the first debate ,we had millions of people fact checking so I expect we will have millions more fact checking because, you know, it's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country. ",1,literally trump fact check real time
clinton," Everything he just said is absolutely false, but Im not surprised. In the first debate, I told people it would be impossible to be fact checking Donald all the time. I would never get to talk about anything Id want to do and how were really, going to really, make lives better for people. So once again, go to Hillaryclinton.com. We have literally Trump - you can fact check him in real time. Last time at the first debate ,we had millions of people fact checking so I expect we will have millions more fact checking because, you know, it's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country. ",1,last time first debate millions people fact checking expect millions fact checking know awfully good someone temperament donald trump charge law country
trump, Because you would be in jail.,0,would jail
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,yet didnt know word letter c document
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,right
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,didnt even know letter meant
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,know amazing
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,watching hillary go facts going fact fact shes lying said know e mails fine
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,think fine delete 33000 e mails
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,think
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,said 33000 e mails daughters wedding number one yoga class
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,well maybe give three three four five something
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,33000 e mails deleted shes saying wasnt anything wrong
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,importantly getting subpoena
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,wasnt
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,got united states congress honest
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,disappointed congressmen including republicans allowing happen
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,justice department husband goes back airplane 39 minutes talks attorney general days ruling made case
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,say nothing wrong deleting 39000 e mails ashamed
trump," And yet she didn't know the word, the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that letter meant. You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts and she is going after fact after fact and shes lying again because she said she, you know, what she did with e-mails was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so. She said that 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one and a yoga class. Well, maybe we will give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted and now shes saying there wasnt anything wrong. And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasnt before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress, and I will be honest. I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen. Our Justice Department where her husband goes on to the back of an airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the Attorney General days before a ruling has to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did, now this was after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress-- ",0,getting subpoena united states congress
trump," Hold on, wait a minute, if a member of the private sector did that, theyd be in jail. Let alone, after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress.",0,hold wait minute member private sector theyd jail
trump," Hold on, wait a minute, if a member of the private sector did that, theyd be in jail. Let alone, after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress.",0,let alone getting subpoena united states congress
clinton, It's just not true. ,1,true
trump, You didn't delete them? ,0,didnt delete
clinton," They were personal e-mails and not official. We turned over 35,000. ",1,personal e mails official
clinton," They were personal e-mails and not official. We turned over 35,000. ",1,turned 35000
trump," What are about the other 15,000. ",0,15000
clinton," Yes, that's true. I didn't. ",1,yes true
clinton," Yes, that's true. I didn't. ",1,didnt
trump, Because you had nothing to say.,0,nothing say
clinton, I didnt in the first debate and Im gonna try not to on this debate because I would like to get to the questions people brought to us tonight. ,1,didnt first debate im gonna try debate would like questions people brought tonight
trump, And get off this question. ,0,question
clinton," Okay, Donald. I know you are into big diversion tonight, anything to avoid talking about your campaign and the way its exploding, and the way Republicans are leaving you, but -- ",1,okay donald
clinton," Okay, Donald. I know you are into big diversion tonight, anything to avoid talking about your campaign and the way its exploding, and the way Republicans are leaving you, but -- ",1,know big diversion tonight anything avoid talking campaign way its exploding way republicans leaving
trump, Lets see what happens.,0,lets see happens
clinton, Lets get to the issues that people care about tonight. Let's get to their question. ,1,lets issues people care tonight
clinton, Lets get to the issues that people care about tonight. Let's get to their question. ,1,lets question
trump," Id liked to know Anderson, Why aren't you bringing up the e-mails? Id like to know.",0,id liked know anderson arent bringing e mails
trump," Id liked to know Anderson, Why aren't you bringing up the e-mails? Id like to know.",0,id like know
trump," No it hasnt, it hasnt and it hasn't been finished at all. ",0,hasnt hasnt hasnt finished
trump, One on three. ,0,one three
clinton," He wants to start it, he can start it. No, go ahead, Donald. ",1,wants start start
clinton," He wants to start it, he can start it. No, go ahead, Donald. ",1,go ahead donald
trump," No, I'm a gentlemen, Hillary. Go ahead.",0,gentlemen hillary
trump," No, I'm a gentlemen, Hillary. Go ahead.",0,go ahead
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,think donald say hes gonna solve repealing getting rid affordable care act
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,going fix agree
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,premiums gotten high copays deductibles prescription drug costs laid series actions take try costs
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,heres want people forget were talking reigning cost highest priority next president
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,affordable care act passed wasnt 20 million people got insurance didnt
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,good thing
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,meet people time tell difference insurance meant families
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,everybody else 170 million health insurance employers got big benefits
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,number one insurance companies cant deny coverage preexisting condition
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,number two lifetime limits big deal serious health problems
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,number three women cant charged men health insurance way used affordable care act
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,number four 26 parents policy policy age 26 something didnt happen
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,want much save works good affordable care act
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,weve got costs weve got provide additional help small businesses afford provide health insurance
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,repeal donald proposed start benefits mentioned lost everybody
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,people health insurance exchange
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,would start
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,right 90% health insurance coverage
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,highest ever country
clinton," I think Donald was about to say hes gonna solve it by repealing it and getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm going to fix it because I agree with you. Premiums have gotten too high, copays, deductibles, prescription drug costs and I have laid out a series of actions that we can take to try to get those costs down. But here's what I don't want people to forget when were talking about reigning in the cost that has to be the highest priority of the next president. When the affordable care act passed, it wasn't just that 20 million people got insurance who didn't have it before. But that, in and of itself is a good thing. I meet these people all the time and they tell me what a difference having that insurance meant to them and their families. But everybody else, the 170 million of us who get health insurance through our employers got big benefits. Number one, insurance companies can't deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Number two, no lifetime limits which is a big deal if you have serious health problems. Number three, women can't be charged more than men for our health insurance, which is the way it used to be before the affordable care act. Number four, if you are under 26 and your parents have a policy, you can be on that policy until the age of 26, something that didn't happen before. So I want very much to save what works and is good about the affordable care act. But weve got to get costs down, weve got to provide some additional help to small businesses so that they can afford to provide health insurance. But if we repeal it as Donald has proposed and start over again, all of those benefits I mentioned are lost to everybody. Not just people who get health insurance on the exchange. And then we would have to start all over again. Right now we are at 90% health insurance coverage. That's the highest we have ever been, in our country. I want to get to 100% and get cost down and quality up.",1,want 100% cost quality
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,great question its maybe question almost anything else
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,outside defense
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,obamacare disaster
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,know know
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,going numbers nobodys ever seen worldwide
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,its nobody ever seen numbers like health care
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,getting worse
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,17 implodes
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,method fixing go back ask congress money
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,money right almost $20 trillion debt
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,obamacare never work
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,its bad bad health insurance far expensive expensive person unbelievably expensive country
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,its going one biggest line items shortly
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,repeal replace something absolutely much less expensive
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,something works plan actually tailored
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,rid lines around state artificial lines stop insurance companies coming competing wanted president obama whoever working want leave lines gives insurance companies essentially monopolies
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,want competition
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,finest health care plan
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,wants go single player plan would disaster
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,somewhat similar canada
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,ever noticed canadians need big operation something happens come united states many cases
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,system slow catastrophic certain ways
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,wants go single payer means government basically rules everything
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,hillary clinton years
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,obamacare first step obamacare total disaster rates going numbers nobodys ever believed deductibles going
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,unless hit truck never able use
trump," It is such a great question and its maybe the question I get almost, more than anything else. Outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it, we all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobodys ever seen, worldwide. Its-nobody has ever seen numbers like this for health care. It's only getting worse. In 17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money. More, more money and we have right now almost $20 trillion in debt. Obamacare will never work. Its very bad, very bad health insurance, far too expensive, and not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. Its going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly. We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive. And something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing because they wanted President Obama and whoever was working on it, they want to leave those lines because that gives the insurance companies, essentially monopolies. We want competition. You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single player plan which would be a disaster. Somewhat similar to Canada. If you ever noticed, the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases. Because their system is so slow, it's catastrophic in certain ways. But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step, Obamacare is a total disaster and not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobodys ever believed, but your deductibles are going up. So that unless you get hit by a truck, you will never be able to use it. It's a disastrous plan and it has to be repealed and replaced.",0,disastrous plan repealed replaced
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,mean clarified meant its clear
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,look situation country start might come different system
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,employer based system thats vast majority people health care
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,affordable care act meant try fill gap people poor couldnt put together resources afford healthcare namely people medicaid
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,obviously medicare single payer system takes care elderly great job way people employed people working didnt money afford insurance didnt anybody employer anybody else help
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,slot obamacare approach take
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,like say 20 million people health insurance
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,rip throw away donald telling turn back insurance companies way used
clinton," No. I mean, he clarified what he meant and its very clear. Look, we are in a situation in our country where if we were to start all over again, we might come up with a different system. But we have an employer-based system: thats where the vast majority of people get their health care. And the affordable care act is meant to try to fill the gap between people who are too poor and couldnt put together any resources to afford healthcare, namely people on medicaid. Obviously, Medicare which is a single payer system which takes care of our elderly, and does a great job doing it, by the way, and then all the people who were employed, but people who were working but didn't have the money to afford insurance and didnt have anybody, an employer or anybody else to help them. That was the slot that the Obamacare approach was to take. And like I say, 20 million people now have health insurance. So, if we rip it up and throw it away, what Donald is not telling you is we turn it back to the insurance companies the way it used to be. And that means that insurance companies get to do pretty much whatever they want including saying look, I'm sorry, you have diabetes, you had cancer--",1,means insurance companies pretty much whatever want including saying look sorry diabetes cancer
clinton," --Your child had asthma, you may not be able to have insurance because you can't afford it. So let's fix what's broken about it, but lets not throw it away and give it back to the insurance companies. That's not going to work. ",1,child asthma may able insurance cant afford
clinton," --Your child had asthma, you may not be able to have insurance because you can't afford it. So let's fix what's broken about it, but lets not throw it away and give it back to the insurance companies. That's not going to work. ",1,lets fix whats broken lets throw away give back insurance companies
clinton," --Your child had asthma, you may not be able to have insurance because you can't afford it. So let's fix what's broken about it, but lets not throw it away and give it back to the insurance companies. That's not going to work. ",1,going work
trump," I want to -- just one thing. Hillary, everything is broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it. Trying to save Obamacare--",0,want one thing
trump," I want to -- just one thing. Hillary, everything is broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it. Trying to save Obamacare--",0,hillary everything broken
trump," I want to -- just one thing. Hillary, everything is broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it. Trying to save Obamacare--",0,everything
trump," I want to -- just one thing. Hillary, everything is broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it. Trying to save Obamacare--",0,number two bernie sanders said hillary clinton bad judgment
trump," I want to -- just one thing. Hillary, everything is broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it. Trying to save Obamacare--",0,perfect example
trump," I want to -- just one thing. Hillary, everything is broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it. Trying to save Obamacare--",0,trying save obamacare
trump, Youre going to have plans. ,0,youre going plans
trump," Well, Ill tell you what it means. Youre gonna have plans that are so good because were going to have so much competition in the insurance industry, once we break out the lines and allow the competition to come. ",0,well ill tell means
trump," Well, Ill tell you what it means. Youre gonna have plans that are so good because were going to have so much competition in the insurance industry, once we break out the lines and allow the competition to come. ",0,youre gonna plans good were going much competition insurance industry break lines allow competition come
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,excuse
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,president obama keeping lines boundary lines around state almost done towards end passage obamacare
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,way fraud
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,know
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,jonathan grouper architect obamacare said said great lie big lie
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,president obama said keep doctor keep plan
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,whole thing fraud doesnt work
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,rid lines competition able keep preexisting well also able help people cant money going people protected
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,republicans feel way
trump," Excuse me. President Obama by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state and it was almost done until just towards the end of the passage of Obamacare. Which by the way was a fraud. You know that. Because Jonathan Grouper, the architect of Obamacare was said, he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud and it doesn't work. But when we get rid of those lines, you have competition and we will be able to keep preexisting, well also be able to help people that can't get, don't have money because we are going to have people protected. And Republicans feel this way. Believe it or not, were going to block grant into the states were going to block grant into medicaid so we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to cake care of themselves. ",0,believe were going block grant states were going block grant medicaid able take care people without necessary funds cake care
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,right islamophobia shame
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,one thing make sure problem
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,mean whether like politically correct whether like problem
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,sure muslims come report see something going
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,see hatred going report
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,example san bernardino
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,many people saw bombs apartment two people killed 14 wounded many many people
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,horribly wounded never
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,muslims report problems see
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,know always reason everything
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,difficult situation country
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,look orlando look san bernardino look world trade center
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,go outside look paris look horrible thing
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,radical islamic terrorists wont even mention word president obama
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,wont use term radical islamic terrorist
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,solve problem able state problem least say name
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,wont say name president obama wont say name
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,name
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,radical islamic terror
trump," You are right about Islamophobia and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is, we have to make sure that, because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not and we can be politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it. As the example in San Bernardino. Many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded, they will never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them. And, you know, there is always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country. Because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside and you look at Paris, look at that horrible thing. These are radical Islamic terrorists and she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorist, no. To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least, say the name. She won't say the name and President Obama won't say the name. But the name is there. It's radical Islamic terror. And before you solve it, you have to say the name.",0,solve say name
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,thank asking question ive heard question lot muslim americans across country
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,unfortunately lot divise dark things said muslims
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,even someone like captain khan young man sacrificed defending country united states army subject attack donald
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,want say couple things
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,first weve muslims america since george washington
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,weve many successful muslims
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,lost particularly well known one muhammad ali
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,vision america america everyone place willing work hard part contribute community
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,america
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,want america children grandchildren
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,also short sighted even dangerous engaging kind demagogic rhetoric donald muslims
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,need american muslims part eyes ears front lawns
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,ive worked lot muslim groups around america
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,ive met lot ive heard important feel wanted included part country
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,part homeland security
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,want see
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,also important intend defeat isisto coalition majority muslim nations
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,right lot nations hearing donald says wondering cooperate americans gift isis terrorists
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,violent jihadist terrorists
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,war islam mistake plays hands terrorists act though
clinton," Thank you for asking your question and Ive heard this question from a lot of Muslim Americans across our country. Because unfortunately there has been a lot of very divise, dark things said about Muslims. And even someone like Captain Khan, the young man who sacrificed himself defending our country in the United States Army has been subject to attack by Donald. I want to say just a couple of things. First: Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington. And weve had many successful Muslims. We just lost a particularly well-known one with Muhammad Ali. My vision of America is an America where everyone has a place, if you are willing to work hard, do your part and you contribute to the community. That's what America is. That's what we want America to be for our children and our grandchildren. It's also very short-sighted and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims. We need American Muslims to be part of our eyes and ears on our front lawns. Ive worked with a lot of Muslim groups around America. Ive met with a lot of them and Ive heard how important it is for them to feel that they are wanted and included and part of our country. Part of our homeland security. And that's what I want to see. It's also important, I intend to defeat ISIS,to do so in a coalition with majority Muslim nations. Right now, a lot of those nations are hearing what Donald says and wondering why should we cooperate with the Americans and this is a gift to ISIS and the terrorists. Violent jihadist terrorists. We are not at war with Islam and it is a mistake, and it plays into the hands of the terrorists, to act as though we are. So I want a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else. ",1,want country citizens like family welcome anyone else
trump," First of all, Captain Khan is an American hero and if I were president at that time he would be alive today because, unlike her who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. Iraq was a disaster. So he would have been alive today. The Muslim ban is something that in some form has morphed into an extreme vetting from certain areas of the world. Hillary Clinton wants to allow -- ",0,first captain khan american hero president time would alive today unlike voted war without knowing would people iraq
trump," First of all, Captain Khan is an American hero and if I were president at that time he would be alive today because, unlike her who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. Iraq was a disaster. So he would have been alive today. The Muslim ban is something that in some form has morphed into an extreme vetting from certain areas of the world. Hillary Clinton wants to allow -- ",0,iraq disaster
trump," First of all, Captain Khan is an American hero and if I were president at that time he would be alive today because, unlike her who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. Iraq was a disaster. So he would have been alive today. The Muslim ban is something that in some form has morphed into an extreme vetting from certain areas of the world. Hillary Clinton wants to allow -- ",0,would alive today
trump," First of all, Captain Khan is an American hero and if I were president at that time he would be alive today because, unlike her who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. Iraq was a disaster. So he would have been alive today. The Muslim ban is something that in some form has morphed into an extreme vetting from certain areas of the world. Hillary Clinton wants to allow -- ",0,muslim ban something form morphed extreme vetting certain areas world
trump," First of all, Captain Khan is an American hero and if I were president at that time he would be alive today because, unlike her who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. Iraq was a disaster. So he would have been alive today. The Muslim ban is something that in some form has morphed into an extreme vetting from certain areas of the world. Hillary Clinton wants to allow -- ",0,hillary clinton wants allow
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,called extreme vetting
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,going areas like syria coming tens thousands barack obama hillary clinton wants wants allow 550% increase obama
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,people coming country like idea feelings country wants 550%
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,going great trojan horse time
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,enough problems country
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,believe building safe zone believe people pay example arabian gulf states carrying weight nothing money take care people
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,want problems country problems see going hundreds thousands people come syria know nothing
trump," It is called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they are coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton wants wants to allow a 550% increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is and she wants 550% more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time. We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zone, I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example the [Arabian] Gulf states who are not carrying their weight but they have nothing but money and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people come in from Syria where we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country. ",0,know nothing values know nothing love country
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,first let anyone country think poses risk
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,lot refugees women children think picture saw 4 year old boy blood forehead hed bombed russian syrian air forces
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,children suffering catastrophic war largely believe russian aggression
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,need part
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,means carrying anywhere near load europe others
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,vetting tough needs professionals intelligence experts others
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,important policy say donald said were going ban people based religion
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,country founded religious freedom liberty
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,advocated without causing great distress within country
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,going religious tests people fly country expect able implement
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,thought said extremely unwise even dangerous indeed look propaganda lot terrorist sites donald trump says muslims used recruit fighters
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,want create war
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,final thing say 10th 12th time denied war iraq
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,tape entire press corps looked its debunked never stops saying whatever wants say
clinton," First of all, I will not let anyone into our country that I think poses a risk to us. But there are a lot of refugees, women and children, think of that picture we all saw of that 4-year-old boy with the blood on his forehead because hed been bombed by the Russian and Syrian air forces. There are children suffering in this catastrophic war, largely, I believe because of Russian aggression. And we need to do our part. We, by no means, are carrying anywhere near the load that Europe and others are. But we will have vetting that is as tough as it needs to be from our professionals, our intelligence experts and others. But it is important for us as a policy not to say, as Donald has said, were going to ban people based on a religion. How do you that? We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty. How do we do what he has advocated without causing great distress within our own country? Are we going to have religious tests when people fly into our country and how do we expect to be able to implement those? So I thought that what he said was extremely unwise and even dangerous and indeed you can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorist sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters. Because they want to create a war between us. And the final thing I say, this is the 10th or 12th time he denied being for the war in Iraq. We have it on tape, the entire press corps has looked at it, its been debunked but it never stops him from saying whatever he wants to say. Go to Hillaryclinton.com.",1,go hillaryclintoncom
trump, It has not been debunked. I was against the war in Iraq. ,0,debunked
trump, It has not been debunked. I was against the war in Iraq. ,0,war iraq
clinton, Go to Hillaryclinton.com and you can see it.,1,go hillaryclintoncom see
trump, It has not been debunked and you voted for it and shouldn't have. ,0,debunked voted shouldnt
trump," Excuse me, she just went about 25 seconds over her time. Can I respond? ",0,excuse went 25 seconds time
trump," Excuse me, she just went about 25 seconds over her time. Can I respond? ",0,respond
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,hillary clinton terms people come country
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,many criminal illegal aliens
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,want send back country country says want
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,cases murderers drug lords drug problems want
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,hillary clinton secretary state said thats okay cant force back country
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,let tell im going force right back country
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,murderers bad people
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,tell strongly bernie sanders said bad judgment really bad judgement letting people country gonna cause problems crime like youve never seen
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,were also letting drugs pour southern border record clip
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,record clip
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,shouldnt allowed happen
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,ice endorsed
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,never endorsed presidential candidate
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,border patrol agents 16500 recently endorsed
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,endorsed understand border
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,doesnt
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,wants amnesty everybody
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,come right
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,come right
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,horrible thing
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,shes got bad judgment honestly bad never president united states
trump," Hillary Clinton in terms of having people come into our country. We have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says: we don't want them. In some cases they are murderers, drug lords, drug problems and they don't want them. And Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State said, thats okay, we cant force them back into their country. Let me tell you, Im going to force them right back into their country. They are murderers and some very bad people. And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgement because we are letting people into this country that are gonna cause problems and crime like youve never seen. Were also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And It shouldn't be allowed to happen. ICE just endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate. The border patrol agents, 16,500 just recently endorsed me. And they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she is doing. Shes got bad judgment and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you. ",0,tell
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,right
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,recall something said abraham lincoln seen wonderful steven spielberg movie called lincoln
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,master class watching president lincoln congress approve 13th amendment
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,principled strategic making point hard sometimes congress want
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,keep working yes president lincoln trying convince people used arguments convincing people used arguments
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,great thought great display presidential leadership
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,know lets talk whats really going martha intelligence community came said last days kremlin meaning putin russian government directing attacks hacking american accounts influence election
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,wikileaks part sites russians hack information even know accurate information put
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,never history country situation adversary foreign power working hard influence outcome election believe theyre elected
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,try influence election donald trump
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,maybe praised putin maybe says agrees lot putin wants maybe wants business moscow
clinton," Right. As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie called Lincoln. It was a master class watching president Lincoln get the congress to approve the 13th amendment. It was principled and it was strategic and I was making the point that it is hard, sometimes, to get the congress to do what you want to do. And you have to keep working at it and yes, president Lincoln was trying to convince some people, he used some arguments, convincing other people, he used other arguments. That was a great, I thought, a great display of presidential leadership. But, you know, let's talk about what's really going on here, Martha because our intelligence community just came out and said in the last few days that the Kremlin, meaning Putin and the Russian government, are directing the attacks, the hacking on American accounts to influence our election. And WikiLeaks is part of that as are other sites where the Russians hack information, we don't even know if it's accurate information and then they put it out. We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary, a foreign power, is working so hard to influence the outcome of the election, and believe, theyre not doing it to get me elected. They are doing it to try to influence the election for Donald Trump. Now, maybe because he praised Putin, maybe because he says he agrees with a lot of what Putin wants to do, maybe because he wants to do business in Moscow. I dont know the reasons, but we deserve answers, and should demand that Donald release all of his tax returns so that people can see what are the entanglements and the financial relationships--",1,dont know reasons deserve answers demand donald release tax returns people see entanglements financial relationships
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,think respond ridiculous
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,look blaming got caught total lie
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,papers went friends banks goldman sachs everybody else
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,said things wikileaks came
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,lied
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,shes blaming lie late great abraham lincoln
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,thats okay honest abe never lied
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,thats good thing
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,big difference abraham lincoln
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,big big difference
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,were talking difference
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,far elements saying know putin
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,think would great got along russia could fight isis together example know putin
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,notice time anything wrong happens like say russians well doesnt know russians hacking
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,maybe hacking russia reason blame russia think theyre trying tarnish russia
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,know nothing russia know russia know nothing inner workings russia
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,dont deal businesses loans russia
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,great balance sheet
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,great old post office pennsylvania avenue united states government balance sheet actually know well chose old post office white house congress
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,chose old post office one primary things fact perhaps primary thing balance sheet
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,loans russia
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,could go united states government would probably tell know sheet well order development taxes simple thing
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,soon first pay hundreds millions dollars taxes
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,many friends took bigger deductions
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,warren buffett took massive deduction soros whos friend took massive deduction
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,many people giving money many commercials gave took massive deductions
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,pay hundreds millions taxes soon routine audit finished ill release returns
trump," I think I should respond because, so ridiculous. Look, now she is blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else. And she said things, WikiLeaks, that just came out. And she lied. Now shes blaming the lie on the late great Abraham Lincoln. Thats when-okay, Honest Abe never lied. Thats the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. Were talking about some difference. But, as far as other elements of what you were saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example, but I don't know Putin. But I notice, any time anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians, well she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking, but there is - now Russia - and the reason they blame Russia is they think theyre trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia - I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I dont deal there, I have no businesses there, I have no loans from Russia. I have a very very great balance sheet. So great that when I did the old post office, on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the old post office between the White House and Congress. They chose me to do the old post office - one of the primary things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government and they would probably tell you that because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development, I had to have - now the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have - first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction, Soros, whos a friend of hers took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money so that she can do many more commercials than me, gave her - took massive deductions. I pay hundreds of millions in taxes, but, but as soon as my routine audit is finished, Ill release my returns. Ill be very proud to. ",0,ill proud
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,one thing id rid carried interest
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,one greatest provisions people like honest give lot run knockout tax code
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,could done years ago way
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,united states senator
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,complains donald trump took advantage tax code
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,well didnt change didnt change senator
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,reason didnt friends take advantage
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,provisions tax code frankly could change
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,wouldnt change people gave money take negative ads donald trump
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,say lot things
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,heard hillary complaining many different things years wish would done
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,shes 30 years shes stuff never changed never change
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,never change
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,getting rid carried interest provisions
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,im lowering taxes actually think important corporations corporations leaving massive corporations little ones
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,little ones cant form
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,getting rid regulations goes hand hand lowering taxes
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,were bringing tax rate 35% 15%
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,cutting taxes middle class tell cutting big league middle class
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,ill tell hillary clinton raising taxes folks look raising taxes really high going disaster country
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,raising taxes lowering taxes
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,big difference
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,going thriving
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,growth country
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,growth
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,china gdp 7% like national catastrophe
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,were 1% like growth
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,going lower opinion
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,lot fact taxes high
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,highest world bringing one lower world
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,think important
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,one important things
trump," One thing Id do is get rid of carried interest. The - one of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run because I knockout the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She is - she was a United States senator. She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't you change it, why didnt you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didnt is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And they do, you have provisions in the tax code, that frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump. But, and I say that about a lot of things. I heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years, I wish we would have done this. But shes been there for 30 years, shes been doing this stuff, she never changed, and she never will change. She never will change. We are getting rid of carried interest provisions. Im lowering taxes, actually, because I think it's so important for corporations because we have corporations leaving, massive corporations, and little ones. The little ones can't form. We are getting rid of regulations, which goes hand in hand with the, lowering the taxes. But were bringing the tax rate down from 35% to 15%. We are cutting taxes for the middle class and I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class. And Ill tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks, she can look at me, she is raising your taxes, really high and what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising the taxes and I'm lowering the taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There is no growth. If China has a GDP of 7% it's like a national catastrophe. Were down at 1%, and that's like no growth. And we are going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of that has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high. Just about the highest in the world, and I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important. One of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively. ",0,raising everybodys taxes massively
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,well everything youve heard donald true
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,sorry keep saying lives alternative reality
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,sort amusing hear somebody hasnt paid federal income taxes maybe 20 years talking hes going ill tell hes going
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,plan give wealthy corporations biggest tax cuts ever
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,bush tax cuts least factor two
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,donald always takes care donald people like donald
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,would massive gift
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,indeed way talks tax cuts would end raising taxes middle class families
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,millions middle class families
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,heres want
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,said nobody makes less $250000 year vast majority americans know taxes raised
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,think got go money money people taken advantage every single break tax code
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,yes senator vote close corporate loopholes
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,voted close think one loopholes took advantage claimed billion dollar loss enabled avoid paying taxes
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,want tax people making million dollars called buffett rule
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,yes warren buffett one whos gone said somebody like paying lower tax rate secretary
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,wanna surcharge incomes 5 million
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,make lost times want invest want invest hard working families
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,think unfortunate happened since great recession gains gone top
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,need reverse
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,people like donald paid zero taxes zero vets zero military zero health education
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,wrong
clinton," Well, everything youve heard from Donald is not true. I'm sorry I have to keep saying this, but he lives in an alternative reality. And it is sort of amusing to hear somebody who hasn't paid federal income taxes in maybe 20 years talking about what hes going to do, but Ill tell you what hes going to do. His plan will give the wealthy and corporations the biggest tax cuts they have ever had. More than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two. Donald always takes care of Donald and people like Donald. And this would be a massive gift. And indeed the way that he talks about his tax cuts would end up raising taxes on middle class families. Millions of middle class families. Now, here's what I want to do. I have said nobody who makes less than $250,000 a year and that's the vast majority of Americans, as you know will have their taxes raised. Because I think we have got to go where the money is and the money is with people who have taken advantage of every single break in the tax code. And yes, when I was a senator, I did vote to close corporate loopholes. I voted to close, I think, one of the loopholes he took advantage of when he claimed a billion dollar loss that enabled him to avoid paying taxes. I want to have a tax on people who are making a million dollars, it's called the Buffett rule. Yes, Warren Buffett is the one whos gone out and said somebody like him should not be paying a lower tax rate than his secretary. I wanna have a surcharge on incomes above 5 million. We have to make up for lost times, because I want to invest in you, I want to invest in hard working families. And I think it has been unfortunate, but it's happened, that since the great recession, the gains have all gone to the top. And we need to reverse that. People like Donald who paid zero in taxes, zero for our vets, zero for our military, zero for health and education. That is wrong. And were going to make sure that nobody, no corporation and no individual can get away without paying his fair share to support our country. ",1,were going make sure nobody corporation individual away without paying fair share support country
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,course
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,course
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,donors donors
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,know many donors
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,donors took massive tax write offs
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,lot lot write depreciation lot things hillary clinton senator allowed always allowed people give money want
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,thats
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,see understand tax code better anybody thats ever run president
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,hillary clinton extremely complex
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,hillary clinton friends want provisions including want carried interest provision important wall street people really want carried interest provision believe hillary leaving interesting leaving carried interest
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,tell number one pay tremendous numbers taxes
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,absolutely used warren buffett george soros many people hillary getting money
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,wont mention names rich theyre famous
trump," Of course I did. Of course I did. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write offs. A lot lot of my write off was depreciation and a lot of other things Hillary Clinton as a senator allowed and she always allowed because the people that give her all this money, they want it. Thats why. See, I understand the tax code better than anybody thats ever run for president. Hillary Clinton is extremely complex. Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including, they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people, but they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary is leaving, and it's very interesting why she is leaving carried interest. But I will tell, you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it and so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names because they are rich, but theyre not famous. So we wont make them famous. ",0,wont make famous
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,pay tax pay federal tax
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,write lot depreciation wonderful charge
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,love depreciation
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,know given
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,hey problem 30 years shes anderson say time talks health care
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,didnt something
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,talks taxes
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,didnt something
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,doesnt anything anything talk
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,talk action
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,bernie sanders really bad judgment
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,made bad judgment taxes shes made bad judgements libya syria iraq
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,obama whether like way got iraq vacuum left isis formed first place
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,started little area 32 different nations hillary
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,congratulations
trump," No. but I pay tax and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write off, a lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she has given it to us. Hey, if she had a problem, for 30 years shes been doing this, Anderson, I say it all the time, she talks about health care. Why didn't you do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action. And again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes, shes made bad judgements on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. Her and Obama whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from the little area and now they are in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job. ",0,great job
clinton," Well, here we go again. I have been in favor of getting rid of carried interest for years starting when I was a senator from New York. But that's not the point here. ",1,well go
clinton," Well, here we go again. I have been in favor of getting rid of carried interest for years starting when I was a senator from New York. But that's not the point here. ",1,favor getting rid carried interest years starting senator new york
clinton," Well, here we go again. I have been in favor of getting rid of carried interest for years starting when I was a senator from New York. But that's not the point here. ",1,point
trump, Why didn't you do it? Why didnt you do it? ,0,didnt
trump, Why didn't you do it? Why didnt you do it? ,0,didnt
clinton, Because I was a senator with a Republican president. ,1,senator republican president
trump," You could have done it. If you were an effective senator, you could have done it. But you were not an effective senator.",0,could done
trump," You could have done it. If you were an effective senator, you could have done it. But you were not an effective senator.",0,effective senator could done
trump," You could have done it. If you were an effective senator, you could have done it. But you were not an effective senator.",0,effective senator
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,know constitution presidents something called veto power
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,look said repeatedly 30 years 30 years
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,let talk 30 years public service
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,glad
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,eight million kids every year health insurance first lady worked democrats republicans create childrens health insurance program
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,hundreds thousands kids chance adopted worked change adoption foster care system
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,9 11 went work republican mayor governor president rebuild new york health care first responders suffering run towards danger gotten sickened
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,hundreds thousands national guard reserve members healthcare work children safer medicines able pass law required dosing carefully done
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,secretary state went around world advocating country also advocating womens rights make sure women decent chance better life negotiated treaty russia lower nuclear weapons
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,400 pieces legislation name sponsor cosponsor senator eight years
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,worked hard proud reelected new york even bigger margin elected first time
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,president take work bipartisan work finding common ground
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,able along people things done washington
clinton," You know, under our constitution, presidents have something called veto power. Look, he has now said repeatedly 30 years this and 30 years that. So let me talk about my 30 years in public service. I'm very glad to do so. Eight million kids every year have health insurance because when I was first lady I worked with Democrats and Republicans to create the children's health insurance program. Hundreds of thousands of kids now have a chance to be adopted because I worked to change our adoption and foster care system. After 9/11, I went to work with Republican mayor, governor and president to rebuild New York and to get health care for our first responders who were suffering because they had run towards danger and gotten sickened by it. Hundreds of thousands of National Guard and reserve members have healthcare because of work that I did and children have safer medicines because I was able to pass a law that required the dosing to be more carefully done. When I was secretary of state, I went around the world advocating for our country, but also advocating for women's rights to make sure that women had a decent chance to have a better life and negotiated a treaty with Russia to lower nuclear weapons. 400 pieces of legislation have my name on it as a sponsor or cosponsor when I was a senator for eight years. I worked very hard and was proud to be reelected in New York by an even bigger margin than I had been elected the first time. And as president, I will take that work, that bipartisan work, that finding common ground. Because you have to be able to get along with people to get things done in Washington. And I have proven that I can and for thirty years, Ive produced results for the people. ",1,proven thirty years ive produced results people
trump, But she said a lot of things that were false. I think we should -- ,0,said lot things false
trump, But she said a lot of things that were false. I think we should -- ,0,think
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,situation syria catastrophic everyday goes see results regime assad partnership iranians ground russians air bombarding places particular aleppo hundreds thousands people probably 250000 people still left
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,determined effort russian air force destroy aleppo order eliminate last syrian rebels really holding assad regime
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,russia hasnt paid attention isis
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,interested keeping assad power
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,secretary state advocated advocate today fly safe zones
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,need leverage russians going come negotiating table diplomatic resolution unless leverage
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,work closely partners allies ground
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,want emphasize stake ambitions aggressiveness russia
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,russia decided syria theyve also decided want see become president united states
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,stood russia ive taken putin others would president
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,think wherever cooperate russia fine secretary state got treaty reducing nuclear weapons its got sanctions iran put lid nuclear weapons program without firing single shot
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,would go leverage
clinton," The situation in Syria is catastrophic and everyday that goes by, we see the results of the regime, by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground and the Russians in the air, bombarding places in particular aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 people still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian Air Force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime. Russia hasn't paid any attention to ISIS. They are interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state advocated, and I advocate today a no-fly and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution unless there is leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground. But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided it is all in in Syria, and theyve also decided who they want to see become President of the United States too and it's not me. I stood up to Russia; Ive taken on Putin and others and I would do that as president. I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that's fine and I did, as Secretary of State, that's how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons, its how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the nuclear weapons program without firing a single shot. So I would go with more leverage than we have now. But I support the efforts to investigate for crimes, war crimes, committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable. ",1,support efforts investigate crimes war crimes committed syrians russians try hold accountable
trump," First of all, she was there as Secretary of State with the so-called line in the sand. ",0,first secretary state called line sand
clinton," No I wasn't, I was gone. I hate to interrupt you. At some point we need to get the facts out. ",1,wasnt gone
clinton," No I wasn't, I was gone. I hate to interrupt you. At some point we need to get the facts out. ",1,hate interrupt
clinton," No I wasn't, I was gone. I hate to interrupt you. At some point we need to get the facts out. ",1,point need facts
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,still contact white house
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,perhaps sadly obama probably still listened
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,think would listen much anymore
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,obama draws line sand
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,laughed world happened
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,said talks tough russia nuclear program fallen way behind gone wild nuclear program
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,good
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,government shouldnt allowed happen
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,russia new terms nuclear old tired exhausted terms nuclear
trump," You were still in contact with the White House. And perhaps sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would listen to you very much anymore. Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened. Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia, but our nuclear program has fallen way behind and they have gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldnt have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear and we are old and tired and exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing. ",0,bad thing
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,talks tough
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,talks really tough putin assad
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,talks favor rebels
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,doesnt even know rebels
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,know every time take rebels whether iraq anywhere else were arming people
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,know happens
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,end worse people
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,look libya qaddafi
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,qaddafi
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,mess
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,way isis good chunk oil
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,sure youve probably heard
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,disaster
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,fact almost everything done mistake its disaster
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,look russia take look russia look week agree wasnt possibly shes consulted
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,sign peace treaty everyones excited russia assad way iran made powerful dumbest deal perhaps seen history making $150 billion $17 billion cash enough cash fill room look deal
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,iran russia
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,wants fight
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,wants fight rebels
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,theres one problem
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,dont even know rebels
trump,"Now, she talks tough. She talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, were arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people. Look at what she did in Libya with Qaddafi. Qaddafi is out. It's a mess. And by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure youve probably have heard that. It was a disaster. The fact is almost everything she has done has been a mistake and its been a disaster. But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia and look at what they did this week, and I agree she wasn't there, but possibly shes consulted. We sign a peace treaty and everyones all excited, but what Russia did with Assad and by the way with Iran who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I have seen in the history of making, with the $150 billion and with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough cash to fill up this room, but look at that deal. Iran and Russia are against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. Theres one problem. You dont even know who the rebels are. So whats the purpose?",0,whats purpose
trump," I don't like Assad at all, but Assad is killing ISIS. Russia is killing ISIS and Iran is killing ISIS and they have lined up because of weak foreign policy. ",0,like assad assad killing isis
trump," I don't like Assad at all, but Assad is killing ISIS. Russia is killing ISIS and Iran is killing ISIS and they have lined up because of weak foreign policy. ",0,russia killing isis iran killing isis lined weak foreign policy
trump," Okay. He and I haven't spoken, and I disagree. ",0,okay
trump," Okay. He and I haven't spoken, and I disagree. ",0,havent spoken disagree
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,disagree
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,right syria fighting isis
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,people want fight time
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,syria longer syria
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,syria russia its iran made strong kerry obama made powerful nation rich nation quickly quickly
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,believe isis
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,worry isis much involved
trump," I disagree. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and its Iran who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a powerful nation and a rich nation, very quickly, very, very quickly. I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria, they had a chance, and that was the line.",0,chance something syria chance line
trump," Aleppo is a disaster, humanitarian wise.",0,aleppo disaster humanitarian wise
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,think basically fallen okay
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,basically fallen
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,let tell something take look mosul
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,biggest problem stupidity foreign policy
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,mosul think lot isis leaders mosul
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,announcements washington coming iraq
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,attacking mosul three weeks four weeks
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,bad leaders isis leaving mosul
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,cant quietly
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,cant attack make sneak attack attack made inform american public knocked leaders weve tremendous success
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,people leave
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,say going attacking mosul within next four six weeks theyre saying
trump," I think that it basically has fallen, okay? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something: you take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy. We have Mosul, they think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements out of Washington and coming out Iraq. We will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks. So all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? We cant they do the attack and make it a sneak attack and after the attack is made inform the American public that we have knocked out the leaders; weve have a tremendous success. People leave. Why do they have to say we are going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what theyre saying. How stupid is our country? ",0,stupid country
trump, I can't think of any. ,0,cant think
clinton," I would not use American ground forces in Syria. I think that would be a very serious mistake. I don't think American troops should be holding territory which is what they would have to do as an occupying force. I don't think that is a smart strategy. I do think the use of special forces, which were using, the use of enablers and trainers in Iraq, which has had positive effects, are very much in our interests. So I do support what is happening. ",1,would use american ground forces syria
clinton," I would not use American ground forces in Syria. I think that would be a very serious mistake. I don't think American troops should be holding territory which is what they would have to do as an occupying force. I don't think that is a smart strategy. I do think the use of special forces, which were using, the use of enablers and trainers in Iraq, which has had positive effects, are very much in our interests. So I do support what is happening. ",1,think would serious mistake
clinton," I would not use American ground forces in Syria. I think that would be a very serious mistake. I don't think American troops should be holding territory which is what they would have to do as an occupying force. I don't think that is a smart strategy. I do think the use of special forces, which were using, the use of enablers and trainers in Iraq, which has had positive effects, are very much in our interests. So I do support what is happening. ",1,think american troops holding territory would occupying force
clinton," I would not use American ground forces in Syria. I think that would be a very serious mistake. I don't think American troops should be holding territory which is what they would have to do as an occupying force. I don't think that is a smart strategy. I do think the use of special forces, which were using, the use of enablers and trainers in Iraq, which has had positive effects, are very much in our interests. So I do support what is happening. ",1,think smart strategy
clinton," I would not use American ground forces in Syria. I think that would be a very serious mistake. I don't think American troops should be holding territory which is what they would have to do as an occupying force. I don't think that is a smart strategy. I do think the use of special forces, which were using, the use of enablers and trainers in Iraq, which has had positive effects, are very much in our interests. So I do support what is happening. ",1,think use special forces were using use enablers trainers iraq positive effects much interests
clinton," I would not use American ground forces in Syria. I think that would be a very serious mistake. I don't think American troops should be holding territory which is what they would have to do as an occupying force. I don't think that is a smart strategy. I do think the use of special forces, which were using, the use of enablers and trainers in Iraq, which has had positive effects, are very much in our interests. So I do support what is happening. ",1,support happening
trump, Everything.,0,everything
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,martha hope time president pushed isis iraq
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,think good chance take mosul
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,know donald said knows isis generals
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,doesnt
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,lot important planning going signal sunnis area well kurdish peshmerga fighters need
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,takes lot planning preparation
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,would go baghdadi
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,would specifically target baghdadi
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,think targeting al qaeda leaders involved lot operations highly classified ones made difference
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,think could help
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,would consider arming kurds
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,kurds best partners syria well iraq
clinton," Martha, I hope that by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And you know, Donald said he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn't. There are a lot of very important planning going on and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the are,a as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation. I would go after Baghdadi . I would specifically target Baghdadi. Because I think our targeting of Al Qaeda leaders, and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones, made a difference. I think that could help. I would consider arming the Kurds. The kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know theres a lot of concern about that in some circles, but they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq. ",1,know theres lot concern circles equipment need kurdish arab fighters ground principal way take raqqa pushing isis iraq
trump, You know thats funny. She went over a minute over and you don't stop her. When I go one second over -- ,0,know thats funny
trump, You know thats funny. She went over a minute over and you don't stop her. When I go one second over -- ,0,went minute stop
trump, You know thats funny. She went over a minute over and you don't stop her. When I go one second over -- ,0,go one second
trump, It's very interesting. ,0,interesting
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,absolutely
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,mean calls people deplorable
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,large group
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,irredeemable
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,president people
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,illl people turn inner cities around give strength people give economics people bring jobs back
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,nafta signed husband perhaps greatest disaster trade deal history world
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,country
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,stripped manufacturing jobs
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,lost jobs lost money lost plants
trump," Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable. A large group. And irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And Illl be a people that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back. Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not of this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs, we lost our money, we lost our plants. It is a disaster. ",0,disaster
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,wants sign tpp even though said shes
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,called gold standard
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,way last debate lied
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,turns say gold standard said didnt say
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,actually said lied
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,okay
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,lied
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,turned say gold standard said didnt say
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,lied lot things
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,would president people
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,african americans inner cities
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,devastating whats happening inner cities
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,shes talking years
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,usual talks nothing happens
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,doesnt done
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,latino americans
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,hispanic americans
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,exact thing
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,talk
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,theydont done
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,go inner cities 45% poverty
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,african americans 45% poverty inner cities
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,education disaster
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,jobs essentially nonexistent
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,mean ive saying big speeches 20 30000 people
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,lose
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,cant worse
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,talking inner cities 25 years
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,nothing going ever happen
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,let tell president united states nothings going happen
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,going talk
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,friends taxes talking
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,would osmosis
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,favors others favors favors
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,tell talk doesnt done
trump,"And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she said now shes for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate she lied. Because it turns out that she did say the gold standard, and said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. Okay. And she lied. Because it turned out she did say the gold standard and she said she didnt say it. But she lied about a lot of things. I would be a president for all of the people. African-Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. Shes been talking about for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done. Same with the Latino Americans. The Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk. Theydon't get it done. You go into the inner cities, it's 45% poverty. African-Americans now 45% poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent. I mean, Ive been saying in big speeches where I have 20 and 30,000 people. What do you have to lose? It can't get worse? She has been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing is going to ever happen. Let me tell you, if she is president of the United States, nothings going to happen. it's going to be talk. All of her friends, the taxes we are talking about. And i would just get it by osmosis. She is not doing me favors, but by doing all the others favors, she is doing me favors. But I will tell you the is all talk and it doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her senate run, take a look at upstate New York.",0,take look senate run take look upstate new york
trump, It turned out to be a disaster. ,0,turned disaster
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,well 67% people voted reelect ran second term proud humbled
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,mr carter tried entire life support children families
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,know right law school went work childrens defense fund
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,donald talks lot 30 years ive public service
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,im proud
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,know started young lawyer working discrimination african american children schools criminal justice system
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,worked make sure kids disabilities could public education something cared much
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,worked latinos one favorite jobs politics south texas registering latino citizens able vote
clinton," Well, 67% of the people voted to reelect me when I ran for my second term, and I was very proud and very humbled by that. Mr. Carter, I have tried my entire life to do what I can to support children and families. You know, right out of law school I went to work for the children's defense fund. Donald talks a lot about the 30 years Ive been in public service. Im proud of that. You know, I started off as a young lawyer working against discrimination against African-American children and schools and in the criminal justice system. I worked to make sure that kids with disabilities could get a public education, something I cared very much about. I worked with Latinos, one of my favorite jobs in politics was down in south Texas registering Latino citizens to be able to vote. So I have a deep devotion, to use your absolutely correct words, to making sure that every American feels like he or she has a place in our country. ",1,deep devotion use absolutely correct words making sure every american feels like place country
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,think look letters lot people worried maybe wouldnt place donald trumps america
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,write one woman wrote son felix
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,adopted ethiopia toddler
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,10 years old
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,country ever known
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,listens donald tv said mother one day will send back ethiopia gets elected know children listen said go back first question
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,lot fear
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,fact teachers parents calling trump effect
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,bullying lot people feeling uneasy lot kids expressing concerns
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,first foremost everything reach everybody
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,democrats republicans independents people across country
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,vote still want president
clinton,"And I think when you look at the letters that I get, a lot of people are worried that maybe they wouldn't have a place in Donald Trump's America. They write me and one woman wrote me about her son, Felix. She adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler. He is 10 years old now. This is the only country he has ever known. And he listens to Donald on TV and he said to his mother one day: will he send me back to Ethiopia if he gets elected? You know children listen to what is being said to go back to the very, very first question. There is a lot of fear. In fact teachers and parents are calling it the Trump effect. Bullying is up and a lot of people are feeling uneasy, a lot of kids are expressing their concerns. First and foremost, I will do everything I can to reach out to everybody. Democrats, Republicans, independents, and people across our country. If you don't vote for me, I still want to be your president. I want to be the best president I can be for everyone.",1,want best president everyone
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,well within hours said sorry way talked argument supporters divisive campaign run inciting violence rallies brutal kinds comments women americans
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,kinds americans
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,said african americans latinos muslims pows immigrants people disabilities hes never apologized
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,think lot tone tenor
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,proud campaigns bernie sanders ran
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,ran campaign based issue insults
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,supporting 100% talked wanted
clinton," Well within hours I said I was sorry about the way I talked about that because my argument is not with his supporters, it's with him and the divisive campaign he has run and the inciting of violence at his rallies and the very brutal kinds of comments about not just women, but all Americans. All kinds of Americans. And what he said about African-Americans and Latinos, about Muslims, about POWs, about immigrants, about people with disabilities, hes never apologized for. So I do think that a lot of tone and tenor... I am proud of the campaigns Bernie Sanders and I ran. We ran a campaign based on issue, not insults. He is supporting me 100% because we talked about what we wanted to do. We might have had differences and we had a lot of debate, but we believed that we could make the country better and I was proud of that. ",1,might differences lot debate believed could make country better proud
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,divided nation
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,divided nation
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,look charlotte look baltimore look violence taking place inner cities
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,chicago
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,look washington dc increase murder within cities biggest 45 years
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,divided nation people like
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,believe tremendous hate heart
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,said deplorables meant
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,said irredeemable theyre irredeemable
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,didnt mention said theyre irredeemable might worse
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,shes got tremendous hatred
trump," We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte, you look at Baltimore, you look at the violence taking place in the inner cities. Chicago. You look at Washington, D.C. We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation because of people like her. Believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. When she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, theyre irredeemable! You didn't mention that, but when she said theyre irredeemable, to me that might have been worse. Shes got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama and that's what you are getting with her.",0,country cannot take another four years barack obama getting
trump," No it wasn't check out a sex tape. It was take a look at this person she build up to be this wonderful, uh, girl scout, who was no girl scout.",0,wasnt check sex tape
trump," No it wasn't check out a sex tape. It was take a look at this person she build up to be this wonderful, uh, girl scout, who was no girl scout.",0,take look person build wonderful uh girl scout girl scout
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,understand said 3 oclock morning take look benghazi
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,said going answer call 3 oclock morning guess
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,didnt answer
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,ambassador stevens said awake 300 morning
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,also sent tweet 3 oclock morning wont mention
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,said awake famous thing were going answer call 300 morning
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,guess happened ambassador stevens ambassador stevens sent 600 requests help one talked sidney blumenthal whos friend good guy way
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,shouldnt talking
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,tweeting happens modern day form communication
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,like
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,facebook twitter 25 million people
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,effective way communication
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,put effective form communication
trump," Just so you understand: When she said 3 oclock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 oclock in the morning, guess what? She didn't answer. Because when ambassador Stevens -- she said she was awake of at 3:00 in the morning. And she also sent a tweet out at 3 oclock in the morning, but I wont mention that. But he said she will be awake, the famous thing were going to answer the call at 3:00 in the morning. Guess what happened, Ambassador Stevens, Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help and the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal whos her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So she shouldn't be talking about that. Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. You can like it or not. Between Facebook and Twitter, I have 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it's an effective form of communication. I'm not unproud of it to be honest with you. ",0,unproud honest
trump, I'm shocked to hear that. ,0,shocked hear
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,well opinion opinion many others
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,national security experts republicans former republican members congress
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,its part great privilege seeing job close know difficult watched husband take $300 billion deficit turn $200 billion surplus 23 million new jobs created incomes went everybody
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,everybody
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,african american incomes went 33%
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,its worked george w bush 9 11 proud told city need needed recover said got never wavered
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,stuck
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,worked admire president obama
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,inherited worst financial crisis since great depression
clinton," Well, it's not only my opinion, but it's the opinion of many others. National security experts, Republicans, former Republican members of congress. But its in part because those of us who have had the great privilege of seeing this job up close and know how difficult it is and it's not just because I watched my husband take a $300 billion deficit and turn it into a $200 billion surplus and 23 million new jobs were created and incomes went up for everybody. Everybody. African-American incomes went up 33%. And its not just because worked with George W. Bush after 9/11 and I was very proud that when I told them what the city need and what we needed to recover, he said you got it and he never wavered. He stuck with me. And I have worked and i admire President Obama. He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. That was a terrible time for our country. ",1,terrible time country
clinton," 9 million people lost their jobs, five million homes were lost.",1,9 million people lost jobs five million homes lost
clinton, And $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out. We are back on the right track. He would send us back into a recession with his tax plan. ,1,$13 trillion family wealth wiped
clinton, And $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out. We are back on the right track. He would send us back into a recession with his tax plan. ,1,back right track
clinton, And $13 trillion in family wealth was wiped out. We are back on the right track. He would send us back into a recession with his tax plan. ,1,would send back recession tax plan
trump, We have the slowest growth and our country is a disaster.,0,slowest growth country disaster
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,thank
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,right
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,one important issues election
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,want appoint supreme court justices understand way world really works real life experience
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,big law firm maybe clerked judge gotten bench maybe tried cases
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,actually understand people
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,think current court gone wrong direction
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,would want see supreme court reverse citizens united dark unaccountable money politics
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,donald doesnt agree
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,would like supreme court understand voting rights big problem many parts country
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,always everything make possible people color older people young people able exercise franchise
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,want supreme court stick roe v wade womans right choose want supreme court stick marriage equality
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,donald put forth names people would consider
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,among ones suggested people would reverse roe v wade reverse marriage equality
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,think would would terrible mistake take backwards
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,want supreme court doesnt always side corporate interests
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,want supreme court understands wealthy give money something doesnt mean rights rights anything else
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,clear views want see change balance supreme court regret deeply senate done job permitted vote person president obama highly qualified person
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,given vote able full complement nine supreme court justices
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,think dereliction duty
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,hope see way fortunate president immediately move make sure fill
clinton," Thank you. You are right. This is one of the most important issues in this election. I want to appoint Supreme Court justices who understand the way the world really works, who have real life experience. Who have not just been in a big law firm and maybe clerked for a judge and then gotten on the bench, but maybe they tried more cases. Actually understand what people are up against. Because I think the current court has gone in the wrong direction. I would want to see the Supreme Court reverse Citizens United and get dark unaccountable money out of our politics. Donald doesn't agree with that. I would like the Supreme Court to understand that voting rights are a big problem in many parts of the country. That we don't do always do everything we can to make it possible for people of color and older people and young people to be able to exercise their franchise. I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a womans right to choose, and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality. Now, Donald put forth of the names of people he would consider. And among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality. I think that would would be a terrible mistake and take us backwards. I want a Supreme Court that doesnt always side with corporate interests. I want a Supreme Court that understands because you are wealthy and you can give more money to something doesnt mean you have more rights or should have any more rights than anything else. So I have clear views about what I want to see to change the balance on the Supreme Court and I regret deeply that the senate has not done its job and they have not permitted a vote on the person that President Obama, a highly qualified person. They have not given him a vote to be able to have the full complement of nine Supreme Court justices. I think that was a dereliction of duty. I hope they will see their way to doing it, but if I am so fortunate as to be president, I will immediately move to make sure that we fill that. We have nine justices and that they get to work on behalf of our people.",1,nine justices work behalf people
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,justice scalia great judge died recently vacancy
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,looking appoint judges much mold justice scalia
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,looking judges actually picked 20
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,people would say highly respected
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,highly thought actually beautifully reviewed everybody
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,people respect constitution united states
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,think important
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,also second amendment totally siege people like hillary clinton
trump," Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently and we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of justice Scalia. I am looking for judges and have actually picked 20 of them. So that people would say: Highly respected. Highly thought of and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody. But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. Theyll respect the second amendment and what it stands for and what it represents.",0,theyll respect second amendment stands represents
trump,"Now, Hillary mentioned contributions. Just so you could, I will have in my race more than $100 million put in of my money. Meaning, Im not taking all of this big money from all of these corporations like she is doing. What I ask is this: so I am putting in... by the time it's finished, Ill have more than 100 million dollars invested. Pretty much self-funding mine. Were raising money for the Republican party and were doing tremendously on the small donations. $61 average or so. ",0,hillary mentioned contributions
trump,"Now, Hillary mentioned contributions. Just so you could, I will have in my race more than $100 million put in of my money. Meaning, Im not taking all of this big money from all of these corporations like she is doing. What I ask is this: so I am putting in... by the time it's finished, Ill have more than 100 million dollars invested. Pretty much self-funding mine. Were raising money for the Republican party and were doing tremendously on the small donations. $61 average or so. ",0,could race $100 million put money
trump,"Now, Hillary mentioned contributions. Just so you could, I will have in my race more than $100 million put in of my money. Meaning, Im not taking all of this big money from all of these corporations like she is doing. What I ask is this: so I am putting in... by the time it's finished, Ill have more than 100 million dollars invested. Pretty much self-funding mine. Were raising money for the Republican party and were doing tremendously on the small donations. $61 average or so. ",0,meaning im taking big money corporations like
trump,"Now, Hillary mentioned contributions. Just so you could, I will have in my race more than $100 million put in of my money. Meaning, Im not taking all of this big money from all of these corporations like she is doing. What I ask is this: so I am putting in... by the time it's finished, Ill have more than 100 million dollars invested. Pretty much self-funding mine. Were raising money for the Republican party and were doing tremendously on the small donations. $61 average or so. ",0,ask putting time finished ill 100 million dollars invested
trump,"Now, Hillary mentioned contributions. Just so you could, I will have in my race more than $100 million put in of my money. Meaning, Im not taking all of this big money from all of these corporations like she is doing. What I ask is this: so I am putting in... by the time it's finished, Ill have more than 100 million dollars invested. Pretty much self-funding mine. Were raising money for the Republican party and were doing tremendously on the small donations. $61 average or so. ",0,pretty much self funding mine
trump,"Now, Hillary mentioned contributions. Just so you could, I will have in my race more than $100 million put in of my money. Meaning, Im not taking all of this big money from all of these corporations like she is doing. What I ask is this: so I am putting in... by the time it's finished, Ill have more than 100 million dollars invested. Pretty much self-funding mine. Were raising money for the Republican party and were doing tremendously on the small donations. $61 average or so. ",0,were raising money republican party were tremendously small donations
trump,"Now, Hillary mentioned contributions. Just so you could, I will have in my race more than $100 million put in of my money. Meaning, Im not taking all of this big money from all of these corporations like she is doing. What I ask is this: so I am putting in... by the time it's finished, Ill have more than 100 million dollars invested. Pretty much self-funding mine. Were raising money for the Republican party and were doing tremendously on the small donations. $61 average or so. ",0,$61 average
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,ask hillary doesnt make $250000 office
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,used power office make lot money
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,isnt funding hundred million dont put 10 20 25 $30 million campaign
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,$30 million less special interests tell exactly would really nice sign american public
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,arent putting money
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,lot
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,made lot fact youve office
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,made lot secretary state actually
trump,"I ask Hillary: why doesn't she make $250,000 by being in office? She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding.. Not for a hundred million, why dont you put 10 or 20 or 25 or $30 million into your campaign. It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell the you exactly what to do and it would really be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You made a lot of it because of the fact that youve been in office. You made a lot while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting your own money into your campaign, just curious?",0,arent putting money campaign curious
clinton," The question was about the supreme court. I respect the second amendment, but I believe there should be background checks and we should close the gun show loophole and close the online loophole...",1,question supreme court
clinton," The question was about the supreme court. I respect the second amendment, but I believe there should be background checks and we should close the gun show loophole and close the online loophole...",1,respect second amendment believe background checks close gun show loophole close online loophole
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,great question energy siege obama administration
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,absolute siege
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,epa environmental protection agency killing energy companies
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,foreign companies coming
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,buying many different plants rejiggering plant take care oil
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,killing absolutely killing energy business country
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,alternative forms energy including wind solar etc
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,need much wind solar
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,look miners hillary clinton wants put miners business
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,thing called clean coal
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,coal last 1000 years country
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,natural gas things technology unbelievable found last seven years found tremendous wealth right feet
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,good especially $20 trillion debt
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,bring energy companies back able compete theyll make money pay national debt budget deficits tremendous
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,putting energy companies business
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,bring back workers
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,take look whats happening steel cost steel china dumping vast amounts steel united states essentially killing steelworkers steel companies
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,guard energy companies make possible
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,epa restrictive putting energy companies business
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,go great place like west virginia places like ohio phenomenal places like pennsylvania see people miners others energy business
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,disgrace
trump," Such a great question because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolute siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in. Buying so many of our different plants and then rejiggering the plant, so they take care of their oil. We are killing, absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now I am all for alternative forms of energy including: wind and solar, etc. But we need much more than wind and solar. And you look at the miners, Hillary Clinton wants to put the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas, and so other things because of technology, we have unbelievable, we have found over the last seven years, we found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good, especially when you have $20 trillion in debt. I will bring our energy companies back and they will be able to compete and theyll make money and pay off our national debt and budget deficits which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers. You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies, we have to make it possible. The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio which is phenomenal or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they are doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace. Its an absolute disgrace. ",0,its absolute disgrace
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,well interesting
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,first china illegally dumping steel united states donald trump buying build buildings putting steelworkers american steel plants business
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,something fought senator something would trade prosecutor make sure taken advantage china steel anything else
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,know sounds like business youre aware people business
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,know first time energy independent
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,dependent middle east middle east controls lot prices
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,price oil way damaging effect lot oil companies right
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,however producing lot natural gas serves bridge renewable fuels think important transition
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,weve got remain energy independent
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,gives much power freedom worried goes middle east
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,enough worried without worry
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,comprehensive energy policy really include fighting climate change think serious problem
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,support moving towards clean renewable energy quickly
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,think 21st century clean energy superpower create millions new jobs businesses
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,want sure leave people behind
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,thats candidate beginning campaign plan help revitalize coal country
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,coal miners fathers grandfathers dug coal lot lost lives
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,injured
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,turn lights powered factories
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,want walk away
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,weve got something
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,price coal worldwide
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,look comprehensively proposed
clinton," Well, that was very interesting. First of all, China is illegally dumping steel in the United States and Donald Trump is buying it to build his buildings, putting steelworkers and American steel plants out of business. That's something that I fought against as a senator and something I would have a trade prosecutor to make sure we don't get taken advantage of by China on steel or anything else. You know because it sounds like you are in the business or youre aware of people in the business. You know that we are now for the first time energy independent. We are not dependent on the Middle East, but the Middle East controls a lot of prices. So the price of oil has been way down and that has a damaging effect on a lot the oil companies, right? We are however producing a lot of natural gas that serves as a bridge to more renewable fuels and I think that's an important transition. Weve got to remain energy independent. It gives us much more power and freedom than to be worried about what goes on in the Middle East. We have enough worried over there without having to worry about that. So I have a comprehensive energy policy, but it really does include fighting climate change because I think that is a serious problem. And I support moving towards more clean renewable energy as quickly as we can. Because I think we can be the 21st century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses. But I want to be sure that we don't leave people behind. Thats why I'm the only candidate from the very beginning of this campaign who had a plan to help us revitalize coal country. Because those coal miners and their fathers and grandfathers, they dug that coal out, a lot of them lost their lives. They were injured. But they turn the lights on and powered our factories. I don't want to walk away from them. So weve got to do something for them. But the price of coal is down worldwide. We have to look at this comprehensively and that's what I have proposed. I hope you will go to hillaryclinton.com and read my entire policy.",1,hope go hillaryclintoncom read entire policy
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,well certainly think fair important question
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,well respect children
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,children incredibly able devoted think says lot donald
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,agree nearly anything else says respect think something mother grandmother important
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,believe election become part conflict oriented intense lot stake
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,ordinary time ordinary election
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,going choosing president set policy four eight years important decisions make home around world supreme court energy much else lot stake one consequential elections weve tried put forth specific policies plans trying personal put want president
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,hope people check
clinton," Well, I certainly will, because I think that's a very fair and important question. Well, I respect his children. His children are incredibly able and devoted and I think that says a lot about Donald. I don't agree with nearly anything else he says or does, but I do respect that and think that is something that as a mother and a grandmother is very important to me. So I believe that this election has become in part so conflict-oriented, so intense because there is a lot at stake. This is not an ordinary time and this is not an ordinary election. We are going to be choosing a president who will set policy for not just four or eight years, but because some of the important decisions we have to make at home and around the world from the Supreme Court to energy and so much else, and so there is a lot at stake it's one of the most consequential elections that weve had  and that's why I tried to put forth specific policies and plans  trying to get it off of the personal and put it on to what it is on I want to do as president. And that's why I hope people will check on that for themselves. So that they can see that yes, I spent 30 years, actually a little more, working to help kids and families and I want to take all that experience to the White House and do that every single day. ",1,see yes spent 30 years actually little working help kids families want take experience white house every single day
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,well consider statement children nice compliment
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,know meant compliment great
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,proud children
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,done wonderful job wonderful wonderful kids
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,consider compliment
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,say hillary
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,doesnt quit doesnt give
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,respect
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,tell like
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,fighter
trump," Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great... I'm proud of my children. They have done a wonderful job and they have been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment. I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit and she doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She is a fighter. I disagree with much of what she is fighting for, I do disagree with her judgment in many cases, but she does fights hard and doesn't quit and she doesnt give up, and I consider that a very good trait. ",0,disagree much fighting disagree judgment many cases fights hard doesnt quit doesnt give consider good trait
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,thank much chris thanks unlv hosting
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,know think talk supreme court really raises central issue election
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,namely kind country going
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,kind opportunities provide citizens
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,kind rights americans
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,feel strongly supreme court needs stand side american people
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,side powerful corporations wealthy
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,means need supreme court stand behalf womens rights behalf rights lgbt community stand say citizens united decision undermined election system country way permits dark unaccountable money come electoral system
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,major disagreements opponent issues others supreme court
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,feel point countrys history important reverse marriage equality reverse roe v wade stand citizens united stand rights people workplace stand basically say supreme court represent
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,see court
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,kind people would looking nominate court would great tradition standing powerful standing behalf rights americans
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,look forward opportunity
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,would hope senate would job confirm nominee president obama sent
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,way constitution fundamentally operate
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,president nominates senate advises consents
clinton," Thank you very much Chris and thanks to UNLV for hosting us. You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election. Namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people. Not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. I have major disagreements with my opponent about these issues and others that will be before the Supreme Court. But I feel that at this point in our country's history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade, that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say, the Supreme Court should represent all of us. That's how I see the court. And the kind of people that I would be looking to nominate to the court would be in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans. And I look forward to having that opportunity. I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That's the way the constitution fundamentally should operate. The President nominates and the Senate advises and consents or not. But they go forward with the process.",1,go forward process
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,well first its great thank everybody
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,supreme court
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,country imperative right justices
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,something happened recently justice ginsburg made inappropriate statements toward toward tremendous number people
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,many many millions people represent forced apologize
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,apologize
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,statements never ever made
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,need supreme court opinion going uphold second amendment amendments second amendment absolute siege
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,believe opponent win race truly think happen second amendment small replica right
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,feel absolutely important uphold fact trauma
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,feel justices going appoint ive named 20
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,justices going appoint pro life
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,conservative bent
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,protecting second amendment
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,great scholars cases theyre people tremendous respect
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,interpret constitution way founders wanted interpreted believe thats important
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,think justices appointed decide want hear
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,constitution important
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,constitution way meant
trump," Well, first of all, its so great to be with you and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court, it is what it is all about. Our country is so, so, it is just so imperative that we have the right justices. Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people. Many, many millions of people that I represent and she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made. We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the second amendment and all amendments, but the second amendment which is under absolute siege. I believe, if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a second amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it is absolutely important that we uphold because of the fact that it is under such trauma. I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint, and I've named 20 of them. The justices that I am going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the second amendment. They are great scholars in all cases and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted and I believe thats very important. I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It is all about the constitution of, and it is so important. The constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.",0,people appoint
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,well first support second amendment
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,lived arkansas 18 wonderful years
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,represented upstate new york
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,understand respect tradition gun ownership goes back founding country also believe must reasonable regulation
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,support second amendment doesnt mean want people shouldnt guns able threaten kill members family
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,think need 33000 people year die guns
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,think need comprehensive background checks need close online loophole close gun show loophole
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,theres matters think sensible kinds reforms would make difference way conflicting second amendment
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,mentioned heller decision saying referenced chris disagreed way court applied second amendment case
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,district columbia trying protect toddlers guns
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,wanted people guns safely store
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,court accept reasonable regulation theyve accepted many others
clinton," Well, first of all, I support the second amendment. I lived in Arkansas for 18 wonderful years. I represented upstate New York. I understand and respect the tradition of gun ownership that goes back to the founding of our country, but I also believe that there can be and must be reasonable regulation. Because I support the second amendment doesn't mean that I want people who shouldn't have guns to be able to threaten you, kill you or members of your family. And so when I think about what we need to do, we have 33,000 people a year who die from guns. I think we need comprehensive background checks, need to close the online loophole, close the gun show loophole. Theres other matters that I think are sensible, that are the kinds of reforms that would make a difference, that are not in any way conflicting with the second amendment. You mentioned the Heller decision and what I was saying that you referenced, Chris, was that I disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that case. Because what the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns. And so they wanted people with guns to safely store them. And the court did not accept that reasonable regulation but they've accepted many others. So I see no conflict between saving people's lives and defending the second amendment.",1,see conflict saving peoples lives defending second amendment
trump," Well the D.C. versus Heller decision was very strongly... and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved and it was a well crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset. Extremely angry. And people that believe in the second amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.",0,well dc versus heller decision strongly extremely angry
trump," Well the D.C. versus Heller decision was very strongly... and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved and it was a well crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset. Extremely angry. And people that believe in the second amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.",0,watched
trump," Well the D.C. versus Heller decision was very strongly... and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved and it was a well crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset. Extremely angry. And people that believe in the second amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.",0,mean angry upheld
trump," Well the D.C. versus Heller decision was very strongly... and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved and it was a well crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset. Extremely angry. And people that believe in the second amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.",0,justice scalia involved well crafted decision
trump," Well the D.C. versus Heller decision was very strongly... and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved and it was a well crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset. Extremely angry. And people that believe in the second amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.",0,hillary extremely upset
trump," Well the D.C. versus Heller decision was very strongly... and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved and it was a well crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset. Extremely angry. And people that believe in the second amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.",0,extremely angry
trump," Well the D.C. versus Heller decision was very strongly... and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved and it was a well crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset. Extremely angry. And people that believe in the second amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.",0,people believe second amendment believe strongly upset say
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,well upset unfortunately dozens toddlers injure even kill people guns unfortunately everyone loaded guns homes takes appropriate precautions
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,doubt respect second amendment
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,also believe individual right bear arms
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,conflict sensible common sense regulation
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,know look
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,understand donald strongly supported nra gun lobby side
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,theyre running millions dollars ads regret would like see people come together say course going protect defend second amendment
clinton," Well, I was upset because unfortunately, dozens of toddlers injure themselves, even kill people with guns because unfortunately, not everyone who has loaded guns in their homes takes appropriate precautions. But there is no doubt that I respect the second amendment. That I also believe there is an individual right to bear arms. That is not in conflict with sensible, common sense regulation. And you know, look. I understand that Donald has been strongly supported by the NRA, the gun lobby is on his side. They're running millions of dollars of ads against me and I regret that because what I would like to see is for people to come together and say, of course we're going to protect and defend the second amendment. But we're going to do it in a way that tries to save some of these 33,000 lives that we lose every year.",1,going way tries save 33000 lives lose every year
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,well let tell go chicago toughest gun laws united states probably could say far gun violence city
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,toughest laws tremendous gun violence
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,strong supporter second amendment
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,know hillary saying sarcastic manner proud endorsement nra earliest endorsement theyve ever given anybody ran president
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,honored
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,going appoint justices best way help second amendment
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,going appoint justices feel strongly second amendment
trump," Well, let me just tell you before we go any further, in Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws and you have tremendous gun violence. I am a very strong supporter of the second amendment. And I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA and it was the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that. We are going to appoint justices, this is the best way to help the second amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the second amendment. That will not do damage to the second amendment.",0,damage second amendment
trump," Well, if that would happen, because I am pro-life and I will be appointing pro-life judges, I would think that would go back to the individual states. ",0,well would happen pro life appointing pro life judges would think would go back individual states
trump," If they overturned it, it would go back to the states. ",0,overturned would go back states
trump," If we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that is really what will happen. That will happen automatically in my opinion. Because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this. It will go back to the states and the states will then make a determination.",0,put another two perhaps three justices really happen
trump," If we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that is really what will happen. That will happen automatically in my opinion. Because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this. It will go back to the states and the states will then make a determination.",0,happen automatically opinion
trump," If we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that is really what will happen. That will happen automatically in my opinion. Because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this. It will go back to the states and the states will then make a determination.",0,putting pro life justices court
trump," If we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that is really what will happen. That will happen automatically in my opinion. Because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this. It will go back to the states and the states will then make a determination.",0,say
trump," If we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that is really what will happen. That will happen automatically in my opinion. Because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this. It will go back to the states and the states will then make a determination.",0,go back states states make determination
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,well strongly support roe v wade guarantees constitutional right woman make intimate difficult many cases decisions health care one imagine
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,case roe v wade
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,happening right america
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,many states putting stringent regulations women block exercising choice extent defunding planned parenthood course provides kinds cancer screenings benefits women country
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,donald said favor defunding planned parenthood
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,even supported shutting government defund planned parenthood
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,defend planned parenthood
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,defend roe v wade defend womens rights make healthcare decisions
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,come far turn back
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,indeed said women punished
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,form punishment women obtain abortions
clinton," Well, I strongly support Roe v. Wade which guarantees a constitutional right to a woman to make the most intimate, most difficult in many cases, decisions about her health care that one can imagine. And in this case, it is not only about Roe v. Wade. It is about what is happening right now in America. So many states are putting very stringent regulations on women that block them from exercising that choice to the extent that they are defunding planned parenthood which, of course provides all kinds of cancer screenings and other benefits for women in our country. Donald has said he is in favor of defunding planned parenthood. He even supported shutting the government down to defund planned parenthood. I will defend planned parenthood. I will defend Roe v. Wade and I will defend women's rights to make their own healthcare decisions. We have come too far to have that turn back now. And indeed, he said women should be punished. There should be some form of punishment for women who obtain abortions. And I could just not be more opposed to that kind of thinking.",1,could opposed kind thinking
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,roe v wade clearly sets regulations abortion long life health mother taken account
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,voted senator think case
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,kinds cases fall end pregnancy often heartbreaking painful decisions families make
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,met women toward end pregnancy worst news one could
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,health jeopardy continue carry term
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,something terrible happened discovered pregnancy
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,think united states government stepping making personal decisions
clinton," Because Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and the health of the mother are taken into account. And when I voted as a senator, I did not think that that was the case. The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who have, toward the end of their pregnancy, get the worst news one could get. That their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term. Or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.",1,regulate life health mother taken account
trump," Well I think it is terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me. Because based on what she is saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.",0,well think terrible
trump," Well I think it is terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me. Because based on what she is saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.",0,go hillary saying ninth month take baby rip baby womb mother prior birth baby
trump," Well I think it is terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me. Because based on what she is saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.",0,say okay hillary say okay okay
trump," Well I think it is terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me. Because based on what she is saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.",0,based saying based shes going shes take baby rip baby womb
trump," Well I think it is terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me. Because based on what she is saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.",0,ninth month
trump," Well I think it is terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me. Because based on what she is saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.",0,final day
trump," Well I think it is terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that is okay and Hillary can say that that is okay, but it's not okay with me. Because based on what she is saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take baby and rip the baby out of the womb. In the ninth month. On the final day. And that's not acceptable.",0,acceptable
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,well happens cases
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,using kind scare rhetoric terribly unfortunate
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,meet women ive met
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,women ive known course life
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,one worst possible choices woman family make
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,believe government making
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,know ive great honor traveling across world behalf country
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,ive countries governments either forced women abortions like used china forced women bear children like used romania
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,tell government business decisions women make families accordance faith medical advice
clinton," Well that is not what happens in these cases. And using that kind of scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate. You should meet with some of the women I've met with. Women I've known over the course of my life. This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make. And I do not believe the government should be making it. You know, I've had the great honor of traveling across the world on behalf of our country. I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions, like they used to do in China, or forced women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice. And I will stand up for that right.",1,stand right
trump," And honestly, nobody has business doing what I just said. Doing that as late as one or two or three or four days prior to birth. Nobody has that.",0,honestly nobody business said
trump," And honestly, nobody has business doing what I just said. Doing that as late as one or two or three or four days prior to birth. Nobody has that.",0,late one two three four days prior birth
trump," And honestly, nobody has business doing what I just said. Doing that as late as one or two or three or four days prior to birth. Nobody has that.",0,nobody
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,well talking thinking young girl met las vegas carla worried parents might deported born country
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,work hard
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,everything give good life
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,youre right
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,want rip families apart
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,want sending families away children
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,want see deportation force donald talked action country
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,11 million undocumented people
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,4 million american citizen children
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,15 million people
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,said recently weeks ago phoenix every undocumented person would subject deportation
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,heres means
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,means would massive law enforcement presence law enforcement officers would going school school home home business business
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,rounding people undocumented
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,would put trains buses country
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,think idea keeping nation
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,think idea would rip country apart
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,border security years
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,voted border security united states senate
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,comprehensive immigration reform plan course includes border security
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,want put resources think theyre needed
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,getting rid violent person anybody deported deport
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,comes wall donald talks building
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,went mexico
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,meeting mexican president
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,didnt even raise
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,choked
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,got twitter war mexican president said paying wall
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,think nation immigrants nation laws act accordingly
clinton," Well, as he was talking, I was thinking about a young girl I met here in Las Vegas, Carla who is very worried that her parents might be deported because she was born in this country but they were not. They work hard. They do everything they can to give her a good life. And you're right. I don't want to rip families apart. I don't want to be sending families away from children. I don't want to see the deportation force that Donald has talked about in action in our country. We have 11 million undocumented people. They have 4 million American citizen children. 15 million people. He said as recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix, that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation. Here's with a that means. It means you would have to have a massive law enforcement presence where law enforcement officers would be going school to school, home to home, business to business. Rounding up people who are undocumented. And we would then to have put them on trains, on buses to get them out of our country. I think that is an idea that is not in keeping with who we are as a nation. I think it is an idea that would rip our country apart. I have been for border security for years. I voted for border security in the United States Senate. And my comprehensive immigration reform plan, of course includes border security. But I want to put our resources where I think they're most needed. Getting rid of any violent person, anybody who should be deported, we should deport them. When it comes to the wall that Donald talks about building. He went to Mexico. Had a meeting with the Mexican president. He didn't even raise it. He choked. And then got into a Twitter war because the Mexican president said we're not paying for that wall. So I think we are both a nation of immigrants and we are a nation of laws and that we can act accordingly. And that's why I'm introducing comprehensive immigration reform within the first 100 days with a path to citizenship. ",1,introducing comprehensive immigration reform within first 100 days path citizenship
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,chris think its think respond
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,first good meeting president mexico
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,nice man
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,much better mexico trade deals
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,believe
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,nafta deal signed husband one worst deals ever made kind signed anybody
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,its disaster
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,hillary clinton wanted wall
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,hillary clinton fought wall 2006 abouts
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,never gets anything done naturally wall wasnt built
trump," Chris, I think its -- I think I should respond. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the President of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind signed by anybody. Its a disaster. Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or there abouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.",0,hillary clinton wanted wall
trump, We are a country of laws. By the way -- ,0,country laws
trump, We are a country of laws. By the way -- ,0,way
clinton, I voted for border security and-,1,voted border security
trump, And a wall.,0,wall
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,limited places appropriate
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,also necessarily going new technology best deploy
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,clear look donald proposing
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,started campaign bashing immigrants calling mexican immigrants rapists criminals drug dealers different view deal immigrants
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,also arguing bringing undocumented immigrants shadows putting formal economy would good
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,employers cant exploit undercut americans wages
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,donald knows lot
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,used undocumented labor build trump tower
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,underpaid undocumented workers complained basically said lot employers
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,complain ill deported
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,want everybody shadows
clinton," -There are some limited places where that was appropriate. There also is necessarily going to be new technology and how best to deploy that. But it is clear when you look at what Donald has been proposing. He started his campaign bashing immigrants, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and drug dealers, that he has a very different there view about what we should do to deal with immigrants. Now, what I am also arguing is that bringing undocumented immigrants out from the shadows, putting them into the formal economy would be good. Because then employers can't exploit them and undercut Americans' wages. And Donald knows a lot about this. He used undocumented labor to build the Trump tower. He underpaid undocumented workers and when they complained, he basically said what a lot of employers do. You complain, I'll get you deported. I want to get everybody out of the shadows. Get the economy working and not let employers like Donald exploit undocumented workers which hurts them but also hurts American workers.",1,economy working let employers like donald exploit undocumented workers hurts also hurts american workers
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,president obama moved millions people
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,nobody knows
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,nobody talks
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,obama millions people moved country
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,theyve deported
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,doesnt want say happened thats happened big league
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,far moving people moving either country
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,country laws
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,either border
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,come back become citizen
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,its unfair
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,millions people right way
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,theyre line
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,theyre waiting
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,going speed process bigly its inefficient
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,theyre line theyre waiting become citizens
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,unfair somebody runs across border becomes citizen
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,plan open borders
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,would disaster trade disaster open borders
trump," President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it. Nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what has happened and thats what happened - big league. As far as moving these people out and moving, we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't. Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But its very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process bigly, because its very inefficient. But they're on line and theyre waiting to become citizens. Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen. Under her plan you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade and and you will have a disaster with your open borders. What she doesnt say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people. ",0,doesnt say president obama deported millions millions people
clinton, We will not have open borders. That is a rank mischaracterization. We will have secure borders. But we will also have reform. This used to be a bipartisan issue. Ronald Reagan was the last president to sign -- ,1,open borders
clinton, We will not have open borders. That is a rank mischaracterization. We will have secure borders. But we will also have reform. This used to be a bipartisan issue. Ronald Reagan was the last president to sign -- ,1,rank mischaracterization
clinton, We will not have open borders. That is a rank mischaracterization. We will have secure borders. But we will also have reform. This used to be a bipartisan issue. Ronald Reagan was the last president to sign -- ,1,secure borders
clinton, We will not have open borders. That is a rank mischaracterization. We will have secure borders. But we will also have reform. This used to be a bipartisan issue. Ronald Reagan was the last president to sign -- ,1,also reform
clinton, We will not have open borders. That is a rank mischaracterization. We will have secure borders. But we will also have reform. This used to be a bipartisan issue. Ronald Reagan was the last president to sign -- ,1,used bipartisan issue
clinton, We will not have open borders. That is a rank mischaracterization. We will have secure borders. But we will also have reform. This used to be a bipartisan issue. Ronald Reagan was the last president to sign -- ,1,ronald reagan last president sign
clinton, To sign immigration reform and George W. Bush supported it as well. ,1,sign immigration reform george w bush supported well
trump, Thank you. ,0,thank
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,went read rest sentence talking energy
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,trade energy neighbors trade rest world combined
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,want electric grid energy system crosses borders
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,think would great benefit
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,clearly quoting wikileaks
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,really important wikileaks russian government engaged espionage americans
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,hacked american websites american accounts private people institutions
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,given information wikileaks purpose putting internet
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,come highest levels russian government
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,clearly putin effort 17 intelligence agencies confirmed influence election
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,actually think important question evening chris finally donald trump admit condemn russians make clear help putin election
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,rejects russian espionage americans actually encouraged past
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,questions need answered
clinton," If you went on to read the rest of the sentence, I was talking about energy. We trade more energy with our neighbors than we trade with the rest of the world combined. And I do want us to have an electric grid, an energy system that crosses borders. I think that would be a great benefit to us. But you are very clearly quoting from WikiLeaks. What is really important about WikiLeaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans. They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions. Then they have given that information to WikiLeaks for the purpose of putting it on the internet. This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government. Clearly from Putin himself in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election. So I actually think the most important question of this evening, Chris, is finally, will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this, and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election. That he rejects Russian espionage against Americans, which he actually encouraged in the past. Those are the questions we need answered. We've never had anything like this happen in any of our elections before. ",1,weve never anything like happen elections
trump, That was a great pivot off the fact that she wants open borders. Okay? How did we get on to Putin?,0,great pivot fact wants open borders
trump, That was a great pivot off the fact that she wants open borders. Okay? How did we get on to Putin?,0,okay
trump, That was a great pivot off the fact that she wants open borders. Okay? How did we get on to Putin?,0,putin
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,finish borders wants open borders
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,people going pour country
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,people going come syria
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,wants 550% people barack obama
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,thousands thousands people
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,idea come
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,see going stop radical islamic terrorism country
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,wont even mention words neither president obama
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,want tell
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,wants open borders
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,talk putin
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,know putin
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,said nice things
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,got along well would good
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,russia united states got along well went isis would good
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,respect
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,respect president
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,ill tell
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,serious trouble
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,country tremendous numbers nuclear warheads 1800 way
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,expanded didnt
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,1800 nuclear warheads
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,playing chicken
trump," Just to finish on the borders, she wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550% more people than Barack Obama. And he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from. And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you. She wants open borders. Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what. We're in very serious trouble. Because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads, 1,800, by the way. Where they expanded and we didn't. 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she is playing chicken. Look. ",0,look
clinton, Wait. ,1,wait
trump, Putin from everything I see has no respect for this person.,0,putin everything see respect person
clinton," Well, that's because he would rather have a puppet as president of the United States. ",1,well would rather puppet president united states
trump, No puppet. You're the puppet.,0,puppet
trump, No puppet. You're the puppet.,0,youre puppet
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,pretty clear wont admit russians engaged cyber attacks united states america
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,encouraged espionage people
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,willing spout putin line sign wish list break nato whatever wants
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,continue help clear favorite race
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,think unprecedented situation
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,weve never foreign government trying interfere election
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,17 17 intelligence agencies civilian military concluded espionage attacks cyber attacks come highest levels kremlin
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,designed influence election
clinton," It is pretty clear you won't admit that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America. That you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wish list, break up NATO, do whatever he wants to do. And that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I think that this is such an unprecedented situation. We've never had a foreign government trying to interfere in our election. We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyber attacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ",1,find deeply disturbing
clinton, And I think it is time --,1,think time
trump," She has no idea whether it is Russia, China or anybody else. ",0,idea whether russia china anybody else
clinton, I am not quoting myself. ,1,quoting
trump, You have no idea.,0,idea
clinton," I am quoting 17, 17 -- do you doubt? ",1,quoting 17 17 doubt
trump, Our country has no idea. ,0,country idea
clinton, Our military and civilian -,1,military civilian
trump," Yeah, I doubt it, I doubt it.",0,yeah doubt doubt
clinton, He would rather believe Vladimir Putin than the military and civilian intelligence professionals who are sworn to protect us. I find that just absolutely -- ,1,would rather believe vladimir putin military civilian intelligence professionals sworn protect
clinton, He would rather believe Vladimir Putin than the military and civilian intelligence professionals who are sworn to protect us. I find that just absolutely -- ,1,find absolutely
trump, She doesn't like Putin because Putin has outsmarted her at every step of the way. ,0,doesnt like putin putin outsmarted every step way
trump," Excuse me. Putin has outsmarted her in Syria, hes outsmarted her every step of the way.",0,excuse
trump," Excuse me. Putin has outsmarted her in Syria, hes outsmarted her every step of the way.",0,putin outsmarted syria hes outsmarted every step way
trump, By Russia or anybody else. ,0,russia anybody else
trump," Of course I condemn, of course I condemn - I don't know Putin. I have no idea- ",0,course condemn course condemn know putin
trump," Of course I condemn, of course I condemn - I don't know Putin. I have no idea- ",0,idea
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,never met putin
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,best friend
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,united states got along russia wouldnt bad
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,let tell putin outsmarted obama every single step way
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,whether syria
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,name
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,missiles
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,take look start signed
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,russians said according many many reports cant believe allowed
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,create warheads cant
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,russians cant believe
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,outsmarted putin look middle east
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,theyve taken
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,weve spent $6 trillion
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,theyve taken middle east
trump," I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, it wouldn't be so bad. Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it is Syria. You name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start-up that they signed. The Russians have said, according to many, many reports, I can't believe they allowed us to do this. They create warheads and we can't. The Russians can't believe it. She has been outsmarted by Putin and all you have to do is look at the Middle East. Theyve taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.",0,outsmarted outplayed worse anybody ive ever seen government whatsoever
trump, And she always will be. ,0,always
clinton," I find it ironic that he is raising nuclear weapons. This is a person who has been very cavalier, even casual about the use of nuclear weapons.",1,find ironic raising nuclear weapons
clinton," I find it ironic that he is raising nuclear weapons. This is a person who has been very cavalier, even casual about the use of nuclear weapons.",1,person cavalier even casual use nuclear weapons
trump, Wrong.,0,wrong
clinton," He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. Hes said if we have them, why don't we use them which I think is terrifying. But here's the deal. The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed. There is about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so. And that is why ten people who have had that awesome responsibility have come out and in an unprecedented way said they would not trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes or to have his finger on the nuclear button.",1,advocated countries getting
clinton," He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. Hes said if we have them, why don't we use them which I think is terrifying. But here's the deal. The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed. There is about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so. And that is why ten people who have had that awesome responsibility have come out and in an unprecedented way said they would not trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes or to have his finger on the nuclear button.",1,japan korea even saudi arabia
clinton," He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. Hes said if we have them, why don't we use them which I think is terrifying. But here's the deal. The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed. There is about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so. And that is why ten people who have had that awesome responsibility have come out and in an unprecedented way said they would not trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes or to have his finger on the nuclear button.",1,hes said use think terrifying
clinton," He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. Hes said if we have them, why don't we use them which I think is terrifying. But here's the deal. The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed. There is about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so. And that is why ten people who have had that awesome responsibility have come out and in an unprecedented way said they would not trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes or to have his finger on the nuclear button.",1,heres deal
clinton," He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. Hes said if we have them, why don't we use them which I think is terrifying. But here's the deal. The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed. There is about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so. And that is why ten people who have had that awesome responsibility have come out and in an unprecedented way said they would not trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes or to have his finger on the nuclear button.",1,bottom line nuclear weapons president gives order must followed
clinton," He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. Hes said if we have them, why don't we use them which I think is terrifying. But here's the deal. The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed. There is about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so. And that is why ten people who have had that awesome responsibility have come out and in an unprecedented way said they would not trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes or to have his finger on the nuclear button.",1,four minutes order given people responsible launching nuclear weapons
clinton," He has advocated more countries getting them. Japan, Korea, even Saudi Arabia. Hes said if we have them, why don't we use them which I think is terrifying. But here's the deal. The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed. There is about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so. And that is why ten people who have had that awesome responsibility have come out and in an unprecedented way said they would not trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes or to have his finger on the nuclear button.",1,ten people awesome responsibility come unprecedented way said would trust donald trump nuclear codes finger nuclear button
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,200 generals admirals 21 endorsing
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,21 congressional medal honor recipients
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,far japan countries ripped everybody world
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,defending countries
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,spending fortune
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,bargain century
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,said renegotiate agreements
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,country cannot afford defend saudi arabia japan germany south korea many places
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,cannot continue afford
trump," I have 200 generals and admirals, 21 endorsing me. 21 congressional medal of honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the world. We're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century. All I said is we have to renegotiate these agreements. Because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford. She took that as saying nuclear weapons. ",0,took saying nuclear weapons
trump, Look. She's been proven to be a liar on so many different ways. This is just another lie. ,0,look
trump, Look. She's been proven to be a liar on so many different ways. This is just another lie. ,0,shes proven liar many different ways
trump, Look. She's been proven to be a liar on so many different ways. This is just another lie. ,0,another lie
clinton," Well, I'm just quoting you when- ",1,well quoting
trump, There is no quote. You won't find a quote from me. ,0,quote
trump, There is no quote. You won't find a quote from me. ,0,wont find quote
clinton," Nuclear competition in Asia. You said go ahead. Enjoy yourselves, folks.",1,nuclear competition asia
clinton," Nuclear competition in Asia. You said go ahead. Enjoy yourselves, folks.",1,said go ahead
clinton," Nuclear competition in Asia. You said go ahead. Enjoy yourselves, folks.",1,enjoy folks
trump, And defend yourselves. And defend yourselves. I didn't say -- and defend yourself. ,0,defend
trump, And defend yourselves. And defend yourselves. I didn't say -- and defend yourself. ,0,defend
trump, And defend yourselves. And defend yourselves. I didn't say -- and defend yourself. ,0,didnt say defend
clinton," The United States has kept the peace through our alliances. Donald wants to tear up our alliances. I think it makes the world safer and frankly, it makes the United States safer. I would work with our allies in Asia, in Europe, in the Middle East and elsewhere. That is the only way --",1,united states kept peace alliances
clinton," The United States has kept the peace through our alliances. Donald wants to tear up our alliances. I think it makes the world safer and frankly, it makes the United States safer. I would work with our allies in Asia, in Europe, in the Middle East and elsewhere. That is the only way --",1,donald wants tear alliances
clinton," The United States has kept the peace through our alliances. Donald wants to tear up our alliances. I think it makes the world safer and frankly, it makes the United States safer. I would work with our allies in Asia, in Europe, in the Middle East and elsewhere. That is the only way --",1,think makes world safer frankly makes united states safer
clinton," The United States has kept the peace through our alliances. Donald wants to tear up our alliances. I think it makes the world safer and frankly, it makes the United States safer. I would work with our allies in Asia, in Europe, in the Middle East and elsewhere. That is the only way --",1,would work allies asia europe middle east elsewhere
clinton," The United States has kept the peace through our alliances. Donald wants to tear up our alliances. I think it makes the world safer and frankly, it makes the United States safer. I would work with our allies in Asia, in Europe, in the Middle East and elsewhere. That is the only way --",1,way
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,well think middle class thrives america thrives
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,plan based growing economy giving middle class families many opportunities
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,want biggest jobs program since world war ii
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,jobs infrastructure advanced manufacturing
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,think compete high wage countries believe
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,new jobs clean energy
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,fight climate change serious problem create new opportunities new businesses
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,want help small business thats two thirds new jobs going come
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,want raise national minimum wage people work full time still poverty
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,sure want make sure women equal pay work
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,feel strongly education system starts preschool goes college
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,thats want technical education community colleges real apprenticeships prepare young peel jobs future
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,want make college debt free families making less $125000 tuition bill public college university plan worked bernie sanders enacted
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,going work hard make sure
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,going go money
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,gains last years since great recession gone top
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,going wealthy pay fair share
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,going corporations make contribution greater country
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,plan analyzed independent experts said could produce 10 million new jobs
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,contrast donalds plan analyzed conclude might lose 35 million jobs
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,whole plan cut taxes
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,give biggest tax breaks ever wealthy corporations
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,adding $20 trillion debt causing kind dislocation seen
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,truly trickle economics steroids
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,plan think actually produce greater opportunities
clinton," Well I think the middle class thrives, America thrives. So my plan is based on growing the economy, giving middle class families many more opportunities. I want us to have the biggest jobs program since World War II. Jobs in infrastructure and advanced manufacturing. I think we can compete with high wage countries and I believe we should. New jobs in clean energy. Not only to fight climate change, which is a serious problem but to create new opportunities and new businesses. I want us to do more to help small business, thats where two-thirds of the new jobs are going to come from. I want to us raise the national minimum wage because people who work full time should not still be in poverty. And I sure do want to make sure women get equal pay for the work we do. I feel strongly that we have to have an education system that starts with preschool and goes through college. Thats why I want more technical education and community colleges, real apprenticeships to prepare young peel for the jobs of the future. I want to make college debt-free and for families making less than $125,000, you will not get a tuition bill from a public college or a university if the plan that I worked on with Bernie Sanders is enacted. And we're going to work hard to make sure that it is. Because we are going to go where the money is. Most of the gains in the last years since the great recession have gone to the very top. So we are going to have the wealthy pay their fair share. We're going to have corporations make a contribution greater than they are now to our country. That is a plan that has been analyzed by independent experts which said that it could produce 10 million new jobs. By contrast, Donald's plan has been analyzed to conclude it might lose 3.5 million jobs. Why? Because his whole plan is to cut taxes. To give the biggest tax breaks ever to the wealthy and to corporations. Adding $20 trillion to our debt and causing the kind of dislocation that we have seen before. Because it truly will be trickle down economics on steroids. So the plan I have I think will actually produce greater opportunities. The plan he has will cost us jobs and possibly lead to another great recession.",1,plan cost jobs possibly lead another great recession
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,well first start plan plan going raise taxes even double taxes
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,tax plan disaster
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,say wants college tuition
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,big proponent
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,going lot things college tuition rest public going paying
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,massive massive tax increase hillary clintons plan
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,would like start left
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,said japan germany singling
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,south korea rich countries
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,saudi arabia
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,nothing money
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,protect saudi arabia
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,arent paying
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,immediately heard questioned questioned nato arent nato questioned
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,arent paying
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,werent paying
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,since year ago
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,sudden theyre paying
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,ive given lot credit
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,sudden theyre starting pay
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,pay
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,protecting people
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,pay
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,big fan nato pay
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,comes says we love allies
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,think allies great well awfully hard pay somebody saying think great
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,tell japan nice way tell germany countries south korea
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,say help
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,regime president obamas regime weve doubled national debt
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,$20 trillion
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,plan were going negotiate trade deals
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,were going lot free trade
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,free trade right
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,horrible deals
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,jobs taken deal husband signed
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,nafta
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,one worst deals ever
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,jobs sucked economy
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,look places left
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,go pennsylvania go ohio go florida go
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,go upstate new york
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,jobs fled mexico places
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,bringing jobs back
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,going renegotiate nafta
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,cant make great deal going terminate nafta were going create new deals
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,going trade going terminate
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,going make great trade deal
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,cant going go separate way disaster
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,going cut taxes massively
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,going cut business taxes massively
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,theyre going start hiring people going bring $25 trillion thats offshore back country
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,going start engine rolling right country dying
trump," Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition but the rest the public is going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan. But I would like to start off where we left. Because when I said Japan and Germany and I'm not just singling them out. But South Korea, these are very rich countries. Saudi Arabia. Nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying? She immediately, when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO, why arent they NATO questioned? Why aren't they paying? Because they werent paying. Since I did this, this was a year ago. All of a sudden they're paying. And I've been given a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people. They have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO but they have to pay up. She comes out and says we love our allies. We think our allies are great. Well, it is awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are. We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea. We have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion. So my plan, were going to negotiate trade deals. Were going to have a lot of free trade. More free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed. NAFTA. One of the worst deals ever. The jobs are being sucked out of our economy. You look at the places I just left. You go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go to upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back. I'm going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal, then we're going to terminate NAFTA and were going to create new deals. We're going to have trade but we're going to terminate it. We're going on make a great trade deal. If we can't, we're going to go our separate way because it has been a disaster. We're going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people we're going to bring the $2.5 trillion thats offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again because right now, our country is dying. At 1% GDP. ",0,1% gdp
clinton," Let me translate that if I can, Chris. ",1,let translate chris
trump, You can't.,0,cant
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,fact going advocate largest tax cuts weve ever seen
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,three times tax cuts bush administration
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,said repeatedly throughout campaign raise taxes anyone making $250000 less
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,also add penny debt
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,costed im going
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,massive tax cuts add $20 trillion debt
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,mentioned debt
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,know control debt
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,husband president went $300 billion deficit $200 billion surplus actually path eliminating national debt
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,president obama came office inherited worst economic disaster since great depression
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,cut deficit two thirds
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,yes one ways go debt one ways create jobs investing people
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,investments
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,investments new jobs investments education skill training opportunities people ahead stay ahead
clinton," The fact is, he is going to advocate for the largest tax cuts we've ever seen. Three times more than the tax cuts under the Bush administration. I have said repeatedly throughout this campaign, I will not raise taxes on anyone making $250,000 or less. I also will not add a penny to the debt. I have costed out what Im going to do. He will, through his massive tax cuts, add $20 trillion to the debt. He mentioned the debt. We know how to get control of the debt. When my husband was president, we went from a $300 billion deficit to a $200 billion surplus and we were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt. When President Obama came into office, he inherited the worst economic disaster since the great depression. He has cut the deficit by two-thirds. So yes, one of the ways you go after the debt, one of the ways you create jobs is by investing in people. So I do have investments. Investments in new jobs, investments in education, skill training, and the opportunities for people to get ahead and stay ahead. That's the kind of approach-- ",1,kind approach
clinton, -- that will work. Cutting taxes on the wealthy. We've tried that. It has not worked the way that it has been -- ,1,work
clinton, -- that will work. Cutting taxes on the wealthy. We've tried that. It has not worked the way that it has been -- ,1,cutting taxes wealthy
clinton, -- that will work. Cutting taxes on the wealthy. We've tried that. It has not worked the way that it has been -- ,1,weve tried
clinton, -- that will work. Cutting taxes on the wealthy. We've tried that. It has not worked the way that it has been -- ,1,worked way
trump, Correct. ,0,correct
clinton," Well, it is a combination, Chris. Let me say that when you inherit the level of economic catastrophe that President Obama inherited, it was a real touch and go situation. I was in the Senate before I became secretary of state. I've never seen people as physically distraught as the Bush administration team was because of what was happening to the economy. I personally believe that the steps that President Obama took saved the economy. He doesn't get the credit he deserves for taking some very hard positions.",1,well combination chris
clinton," Well, it is a combination, Chris. Let me say that when you inherit the level of economic catastrophe that President Obama inherited, it was a real touch and go situation. I was in the Senate before I became secretary of state. I've never seen people as physically distraught as the Bush administration team was because of what was happening to the economy. I personally believe that the steps that President Obama took saved the economy. He doesn't get the credit he deserves for taking some very hard positions.",1,let say inherit level economic catastrophe president obama inherited real touch go situation
clinton," Well, it is a combination, Chris. Let me say that when you inherit the level of economic catastrophe that President Obama inherited, it was a real touch and go situation. I was in the Senate before I became secretary of state. I've never seen people as physically distraught as the Bush administration team was because of what was happening to the economy. I personally believe that the steps that President Obama took saved the economy. He doesn't get the credit he deserves for taking some very hard positions.",1,senate became secretary state
clinton," Well, it is a combination, Chris. Let me say that when you inherit the level of economic catastrophe that President Obama inherited, it was a real touch and go situation. I was in the Senate before I became secretary of state. I've never seen people as physically distraught as the Bush administration team was because of what was happening to the economy. I personally believe that the steps that President Obama took saved the economy. He doesn't get the credit he deserves for taking some very hard positions.",1,ive never seen people physically distraught bush administration team happening economy
clinton," Well, it is a combination, Chris. Let me say that when you inherit the level of economic catastrophe that President Obama inherited, it was a real touch and go situation. I was in the Senate before I became secretary of state. I've never seen people as physically distraught as the Bush administration team was because of what was happening to the economy. I personally believe that the steps that President Obama took saved the economy. He doesn't get the credit he deserves for taking some very hard positions.",1,personally believe steps president obama took saved economy
clinton," Well, it is a combination, Chris. Let me say that when you inherit the level of economic catastrophe that President Obama inherited, it was a real touch and go situation. I was in the Senate before I became secretary of state. I've never seen people as physically distraught as the Bush administration team was because of what was happening to the economy. I personally believe that the steps that President Obama took saved the economy. He doesn't get the credit he deserves for taking some very hard positions.",1,doesnt credit deserves taking hard positions
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,terrible recession
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,weve dug
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,standing yet running
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,proposing invest middle ground
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,top
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,going work
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,put forward doesnt add penny debt
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,kind approach enable people take new jobs higher paying jobs
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,beginning see increase incomes
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,certainly long string increasing jobs
clinton,"But it was a terrible recession. So now we've dug ourselves out of it. We're standing, but we're not yet running. So what I am proposing is that we invest from the middle out, and the ground up. Not the top down. That is not going to work. That is why what I have put forward doesn't add a penny to the debt. But it is the kind of approach that will enable more people to take those new jobs, higher paying jobs. We're beginning to see some increase in incomes. And we certainly have had a long string of increasing jobs. We have got to do more to get the whole economy moving and that's what I believe I will be able to do.",1,got whole economy moving believe able
trump, Over a 10-year period.,0,10 year period
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,left high representatives india
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,theyre growing 8%
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,china growing 7%
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,catastrophically low number
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,growing last report came right around 1% level
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,think its going
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,last week know end last week came anemic jobs report
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,terrible jobs report
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,fact said last jobs report election
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,win easily bad
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,report bad
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,look country stagnant
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,weve lost jobs weve lost businesses
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,making things anymore relatively speaking
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,product pouring china pouring vietnam pouring world
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,ive visited many communities
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,incredible education chris
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,ive gotten know many ive developed many friends last year
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,cry see happened
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,pass factories thriving 20 25 years ago bill husband signed blessed 100%
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,horrible happened people communities
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,say husband well boy suffer nafta kicked didnt really kick much
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,kicked left
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,boy suffer
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,one worst things ever signed country
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,wants sign trans pacific partnership
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,wants
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,lied said didnt call gold standard one debates
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,totally lied
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,call gold standard
trump," So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8%. China is growing at 7%. And that for them is a catastrophically low number. We are growing our last report came out, and it is right around the 1% level. And I think its going down. Last week as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact, I said is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily because it was so bad. The report was so bad. Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs, we've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world. I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many, Ive developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what has happened. I pass factories that were thriving, 20, 25 years ago and because of the bill her husband signed and that she blessed 100%. It is just horrible what has happened to these people in these communities. Now, she can say her husband did well but boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in because it didn't really kick in very much. But it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that has ever been signed by our country. Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked and they said I was right. ",0,actually fact checked said right
trump, And that will be as bad as NAFTA.,0,bad nafta
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,well first let say number one saw final agreement tpp said
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,didnt meet test
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,ive test
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,create jobs raise incomes national security
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,im
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,ill election
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,ill president
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,theres one stage actually shipped jobs mexico donald
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,shipped jobs 12 countries including mexico
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,mentioned china
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,know one biggest problems china illegal dumping steel aluminum markets
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,fought senator
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,stood secretary state
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,donald bought chinese steel aluminum
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,fact trump hotel right las vegas made chinese steel
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,goes around crocodile tears terrible
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,given jobs chinese steelworkers american steelworkers
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,kind approach going work
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,going pull country together
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,going trade agreements enforce
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,going trade prosecutor first time history
clinton," Well, first, let me say, number one, when I saw the final agreement for TPP, I said I was against it. It didn't meet my test. I've had the same test. Does it create jobs, raise incomes and further our national security. Im against it now. Ill be against it after the election. I'll be against it when I'm president. There's only one of us on this stage who has actually shipped jobs to Mexico because that's Donald. He has shipped jobs to 12 countries including Mexico. But he mentioned China. And, you know, one of the biggest problems we have with China is the illegal dumping of steel and aluminum into our markets. I have fought against that as a senator. I have stood up against it as Secretary of State. Donald has bought Chinese steel and aluminum. In fact, the Trump Hotel right here in Las Vegas was made with Chinese steel. So he goes around with crocodile tears about how terrible it is. But he has given jobs to Chinese steelworkers, not American steelworkers. That's the kind of approach that is just not going to work. We're going to pull the country together. We're going to have trade agreements that we enforce. That's why I'm going to have a trade prosecutor for the first time in history. And we're going to enforce those agreements and we're going to look for businesses to help us by buying American products. ",1,going enforce agreements going look businesses help buying american products
trump," Can I ask a simple question? She's been doing this for 30 years. Why the hell didn't you do it over the last 15, 20 years? You were very much involved. ",0,ask simple question
trump," Can I ask a simple question? She's been doing this for 30 years. Why the hell didn't you do it over the last 15, 20 years? You were very much involved. ",0,shes 30 years
trump," Can I ask a simple question? She's been doing this for 30 years. Why the hell didn't you do it over the last 15, 20 years? You were very much involved. ",0,hell didnt last 15 20 years
trump," Can I ask a simple question? She's been doing this for 30 years. Why the hell didn't you do it over the last 15, 20 years? You were very much involved. ",0,much involved
clinton, I voted -- ,1,voted
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,excuse
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,turn
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,much involved every aspect country
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,much
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,experience
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,say one thing experience
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,bad experience youve done turned badly
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,30 years youve position help
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,say used steel used something else make impossible
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,wouldnt mind
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,problem talk anything done hillary
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,like ran state department $6 billion missing
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,miss $6 billion
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,ran state department
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,$6 billion either stolen know
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,its gone
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,$6 billion
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,become president country going mess
trump," Excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience. But it is bad experience because what you've done has turned out badly. For 30 years you've been in a position to help. And if you say that I used steel or I used something else, I- make it impossible for me to do. I wouldn't mind. The problem is, you talk but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State department. $6 billion was either stolen, they don't know. Its gone. $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.",0,believe
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,well first said state department untrue its debunked numerous times
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,think really important issue
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,raised 30 years experience let talk briefly
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,know back 1970s worked childrens defense fund taking discrimination african american kids schools
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,getting sued justice department racial discrimination apartment buildings
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,1980s working reform schools arkansas
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,borrowing $14 million father start businesses
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,1990s went beijing said womens rights human rights
clinton," Well, first of all, what he just said about the State Department is not only untrue, its been debunked numerous times. but I think it's really an important issue. He raised the 30 years of experience, so let me just talk briefly about that. You know, back in the 1970s, I worked for the children's defense fund and I was taking on discrimination against African-American kids in schools. He was getting sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in his apartment buildings. In the 1980s, I was working to reform the schools in Arkansas. He was borrowing $14 million from his father to start his businesses. In the 1990s, I went to Beijing and I said women's rights are human rights. He insulted a former Miss Universe, Alicia Machado, and called her an eating machine. ",1,insulted former miss universe alicia machado called eating machine
trump, Give me a break.,0,give break
clinton," And on the day when I was in the situation room monitoring the raid that brought Osama bin laden to justice, he was hosting The Celebrity Apprentice. So Im happy to compare my 30 years of experience, what Ive done for this country, trying to help in every way I could, especially kids and families, get ahead and stay ahead, with your thirty years and I'll let the American people make that decision. ",1,day situation room monitoring raid brought osama bin laden justice hosting celebrity apprentice
clinton," And on the day when I was in the situation room monitoring the raid that brought Osama bin laden to justice, he was hosting The Celebrity Apprentice. So Im happy to compare my 30 years of experience, what Ive done for this country, trying to help in every way I could, especially kids and families, get ahead and stay ahead, with your thirty years and I'll let the American people make that decision. ",1,im happy compare 30 years experience ive done country trying help every way could especially kids families ahead stay ahead thirty years ill let american people make decision
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,well think much better job
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,built massive company great company greatest assets anywhere world worth many many billions dollars
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,started $1 million loan
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,agree
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,$1 million loan built phenomenal company
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,could run country way ive run company would country would would proud would even proud
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,frankly look real record take look syria take look migration take look libya take look iraq
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,gave isis obama created huge vacuum small group came huge vacuum never iraq never got way wanted
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,gave isis sure sitting
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,happened isis 32 countries
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,listen shes going rid isis
trump," Well I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan, but I built a phenomenal company. And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that would you would be so proud of, you would even be proud of it. And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria, take a look at the migration, take a look at Libya, take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because, we should have never been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. Now I listen to how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get to rid of nobody. ",0,shes going rid nobody
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,well first stories largely debunked
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,people know people
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,feeling came
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,believe campaign like look came today clips wondering happened rally chicago rallies violence
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,shes one obama caused violence
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,hired people
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,paid $1500 theyre tape saying violent cause fights bad things
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,would say way stories totally false
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,say didnt even apologize wife sitting right didnt anything
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,didnt know women
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,didnt see women
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,women woman plane woman think want either fame campaign
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,think campaign saw criminal act way theyre telling people go start fistfights start violence ill tell
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,particular chicago people hurt people could killed riot
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,tape started
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,believe chris got people step forward
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,wasnt ten minutes fame totally fiction
trump," Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people, I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence. She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people. They paid them $1500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things. I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false. I have to say that, and I didn't even apologize to my wife who is sitting right here because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these women. I didn't see these women. These women, the woman on the plane, the woman on the - I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fistfights and start violence -- and I'll tell you what. In particular, in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have killed in that riot. And that's now all on tape started by her. I believe, Chris, she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their ten minutes of fame, but they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies and it was fiction. ",0,lies fiction
clinton, Well -- ,1,well
clinton," At the last debate, we heard Donald talking about what he did to women, and after that a number of women have come forward saying that's exactly what he did to them. Now, what was his response? Well, he held a number of big rallies where he said that he could not possibly have done those things to those women because they were not attractive enough for  ",1,last debate heard donald talking women number women come forward saying exactly
clinton," At the last debate, we heard Donald talking about what he did to women, and after that a number of women have come forward saying that's exactly what he did to them. Now, what was his response? Well, he held a number of big rallies where he said that he could not possibly have done those things to those women because they were not attractive enough for  ",1,response
clinton," At the last debate, we heard Donald talking about what he did to women, and after that a number of women have come forward saying that's exactly what he did to them. Now, what was his response? Well, he held a number of big rallies where he said that he could not possibly have done those things to those women because they were not attractive enough for  ",1,well held number big rallies said could possibly done things women attractive enough 
trump, I did not say that. ,0,say
clinton, -- them to be assaulted. ,1,assaulted
trump, I did not say that. ,0,say
clinton," In fact, he went on to say -- ",1,fact went say
trump, I did not say that.,0,say
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,went say look dont think so another woman said that wouldnt first choice attacked woman reporter writing story called disgusting called number women campaign
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,donald thinks belittling women makes bigger
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,goes dignity self worth think woman anywhere doesnt know feels like
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,know donald thinks says acts toward women
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,donald
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,think really demonstrate country stand clear expect next president want bring country together want kind pitting people one instead celebrate diversity lift people make country even greater
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,america great america good
clinton," He went on to say look at her, I dont think so. About another woman, he said that wouldn't be my first choice. He attacked the woman reporter writing the story, called her disgusting, as he has called a number of women during this campaign. Donald thinks belittling women makes him bigger. He goes after their dignity, their self-worth, and I don't think there is a woman anywhere that doesn't know what that feels like. So we now know what Donald thinks and what he says and how he acts toward women. That's who Donald is. I think it's really up to all of us to demonstrate who we are and who our country is and to stand up and be very clear about what we expect from our next president, how we want to bring our country together, where we don't want to have the kind of pitting of people one against the other, where instead we celebrate our diversity, we lift people up, and we make our country even greater. America is great because America is good. And it really is up to all of us to make that true now and in the future and particularly for our children and our grandchildren.",1,really make true future particularly children grandchildren
trump, Nobody has more respect for women than I do. Nobody. ,0,nobody respect women
trump, Nobody has more respect for women than I do. Nobody. ,0,nobody
trump,(Laughter),0,laughter
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,frankly stories largely debunked
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,really want talk something slightly different
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,mentions fiction fictionalized probably possibly started sleazy campaign
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,tell isnt fictionalized e mails destroyed 33000 e mails criminally criminally getting subpoena united states congress
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,happened fbi know
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,great general four star general today read papers going potentially serve five years jail lying fbi one lie
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,shes lied hundreds times people congress fbi
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,hes going probably go jail
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,four star general gets away run presidency united states
trump," And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different. She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress. What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all the papers going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI, one lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general, and she gets away with it and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign. ",0,really talking fiction somebody wants fame come crooked campaign
clinton," Well, every time Donald is pushed on something, which is obviously uncomfortable like what these women are saying, he immediately goes to denying responsibility and it's not just about women. He never apologizes or says he's sorry for anything, so we know what he has said and what he's done to women. But he also went after a disabled reporter, mocked and mimicked him on national television. ",1,well every time donald pushed something obviously uncomfortable like women saying immediately goes denying responsibility women
clinton," Well, every time Donald is pushed on something, which is obviously uncomfortable like what these women are saying, he immediately goes to denying responsibility and it's not just about women. He never apologizes or says he's sorry for anything, so we know what he has said and what he's done to women. But he also went after a disabled reporter, mocked and mimicked him on national television. ",1,never apologizes says hes sorry anything know said hes done women
clinton," Well, every time Donald is pushed on something, which is obviously uncomfortable like what these women are saying, he immediately goes to denying responsibility and it's not just about women. He never apologizes or says he's sorry for anything, so we know what he has said and what he's done to women. But he also went after a disabled reporter, mocked and mimicked him on national television. ",1,also went disabled reporter mocked mimicked national television
trump, Wrong.,0,wrong
clinton," He went after Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion. He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he prefers people that aren't captured. He went after a federal judge born in Indiana but who Donald said couldn't be trusted to try the fraud and racketeering case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. So it's not one thing. This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness, of a very dark and in many ways dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is, and I hope that as we move in the last weeks of this campaign more and more people will understand what's at stake in this election. It really does come down to what kind of country we are going to have.",1,went mr mrs khan parents young man died serving country gold star family religion
clinton," He went after Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion. He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he prefers people that aren't captured. He went after a federal judge born in Indiana but who Donald said couldn't be trusted to try the fraud and racketeering case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. So it's not one thing. This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness, of a very dark and in many ways dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is, and I hope that as we move in the last weeks of this campaign more and more people will understand what's at stake in this election. It really does come down to what kind of country we are going to have.",1,went john mccain prisoner war said prefers people arent captured
clinton," He went after Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion. He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he prefers people that aren't captured. He went after a federal judge born in Indiana but who Donald said couldn't be trusted to try the fraud and racketeering case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. So it's not one thing. This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness, of a very dark and in many ways dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is, and I hope that as we move in the last weeks of this campaign more and more people will understand what's at stake in this election. It really does come down to what kind of country we are going to have.",1,went federal judge born indiana donald said couldnt trusted try fraud racketeering case trump university parents mexican
clinton," He went after Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion. He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he prefers people that aren't captured. He went after a federal judge born in Indiana but who Donald said couldn't be trusted to try the fraud and racketeering case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. So it's not one thing. This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness, of a very dark and in many ways dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is, and I hope that as we move in the last weeks of this campaign more and more people will understand what's at stake in this election. It really does come down to what kind of country we are going to have.",1,one thing
clinton," He went after Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion. He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he prefers people that aren't captured. He went after a federal judge born in Indiana but who Donald said couldn't be trusted to try the fraud and racketeering case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. So it's not one thing. This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness, of a very dark and in many ways dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is, and I hope that as we move in the last weeks of this campaign more and more people will understand what's at stake in this election. It really does come down to what kind of country we are going to have.",1,pattern pattern divisiveness dark many ways dangerous vision country incites violence applauds people pushing pulling punching rallies
clinton," He went after Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion. He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he prefers people that aren't captured. He went after a federal judge born in Indiana but who Donald said couldn't be trusted to try the fraud and racketeering case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. So it's not one thing. This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness, of a very dark and in many ways dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is, and I hope that as we move in the last weeks of this campaign more and more people will understand what's at stake in this election. It really does come down to what kind of country we are going to have.",1,america hope move last weeks campaign people understand whats stake election
clinton," He went after Mr. And Mrs. Khan, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion. He went after John McCain, a prisoner of war, said he prefers people that aren't captured. He went after a federal judge born in Indiana but who Donald said couldn't be trusted to try the fraud and racketeering case against Trump University because his parents were Mexican. So it's not one thing. This is a pattern, a pattern of divisiveness, of a very dark and in many ways dangerous vision of our country where he incites violence, where he applauds people who are pushing and pulling and punching at his rallies. That is not who America is, and I hope that as we move in the last weeks of this campaign more and more people will understand what's at stake in this election. It really does come down to what kind of country we are going to have.",1,really come kind country going
trump," So sad when she talks about violence at my rallies and she caused the violence. It's on tape. The other things are false, but honestly I'd love to talk about getting rid of ISIS and I'd love to talk about other things. ",0,sad talks violence rallies caused violence
trump," So sad when she talks about violence at my rallies and she caused the violence. It's on tape. The other things are false, but honestly I'd love to talk about getting rid of ISIS and I'd love to talk about other things. ",0,tape
trump," So sad when she talks about violence at my rallies and she caused the violence. It's on tape. The other things are false, but honestly I'd love to talk about getting rid of ISIS and I'd love to talk about other things. ",0,things false honestly id love talk getting rid isis id love talk things
trump," But those other charges, as she knows, are false.",0,charges knows false
clinton," Well, everything I did as secretary of state was in furtherance of our country's interests and our values. The state department has said that. I think that's been proven, but I am happy -- in fact, I'm thrilled to talk about the Clinton Foundation because it is a world renowned charity and I'm so proud of the work that it does. I could talk for the rest of the debate. I know I don't have the time to do that, but just briefly the Clinton Foundation made it possible for 11 million people around the world with HIV AIDS to afford treatment and that's about half of all the people in the world that are getting treatment in partnership with the American health association. ",1,well everything secretary state furtherance countrys interests values
clinton," Well, everything I did as secretary of state was in furtherance of our country's interests and our values. The state department has said that. I think that's been proven, but I am happy -- in fact, I'm thrilled to talk about the Clinton Foundation because it is a world renowned charity and I'm so proud of the work that it does. I could talk for the rest of the debate. I know I don't have the time to do that, but just briefly the Clinton Foundation made it possible for 11 million people around the world with HIV AIDS to afford treatment and that's about half of all the people in the world that are getting treatment in partnership with the American health association. ",1,state department said
clinton," Well, everything I did as secretary of state was in furtherance of our country's interests and our values. The state department has said that. I think that's been proven, but I am happy -- in fact, I'm thrilled to talk about the Clinton Foundation because it is a world renowned charity and I'm so proud of the work that it does. I could talk for the rest of the debate. I know I don't have the time to do that, but just briefly the Clinton Foundation made it possible for 11 million people around the world with HIV AIDS to afford treatment and that's about half of all the people in the world that are getting treatment in partnership with the American health association. ",1,think proven happy fact thrilled talk clinton foundation world renowned charity proud work
clinton," Well, everything I did as secretary of state was in furtherance of our country's interests and our values. The state department has said that. I think that's been proven, but I am happy -- in fact, I'm thrilled to talk about the Clinton Foundation because it is a world renowned charity and I'm so proud of the work that it does. I could talk for the rest of the debate. I know I don't have the time to do that, but just briefly the Clinton Foundation made it possible for 11 million people around the world with HIV AIDS to afford treatment and that's about half of all the people in the world that are getting treatment in partnership with the American health association. ",1,could talk rest debate
clinton," Well, everything I did as secretary of state was in furtherance of our country's interests and our values. The state department has said that. I think that's been proven, but I am happy -- in fact, I'm thrilled to talk about the Clinton Foundation because it is a world renowned charity and I'm so proud of the work that it does. I could talk for the rest of the debate. I know I don't have the time to do that, but just briefly the Clinton Foundation made it possible for 11 million people around the world with HIV AIDS to afford treatment and that's about half of all the people in the world that are getting treatment in partnership with the American health association. ",1,know time briefly clinton foundation made possible 11 million people around world hiv aids afford treatment half people world getting treatment partnership american health association
clinton," Well, it is an open discussion. ",1,well open discussion
clinton, There is a lot of evidence about the very good work -- ,1,lot evidence good work
trump, And it's a criminal enterprise -- ,0,criminal enterprise
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,criminal enterprise
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,saudi arabia given $25 million qatar countries
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,talk women womens rights
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,people push gays business buildings
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,people kill women treat women horribly yet take money
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,id like ask right give back money youve taken certain countries treat certain groups people horribly
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,dont give back money
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,think would great gesture takes tremendous amount money
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,take look people haiti
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,little haiti day florida want tell hate clintons whats happened haiti clinton foundation disgrace
trump," It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia given $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business, off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly and yet you take their money. So I'd like to ask you right now why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why dont you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was in Little Haiti the other day in Florida, and I want to tell you they hate the Clintons because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it and they know it and everybody knows it. ",0,know know everybody knows
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,well quickly clinton foundation spend 90% 90% money donated behalf programs people around world country
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,im proud
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,highest rating watchdogs follow foundations
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,would happy compare trump foundation took money people bought six foot portrait donald
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,mean
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,mean astonishing
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,comes haiti haiti poorest country hemisphere
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,earthquake hurricanes devastated haiti
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,bill involved trying help haiti many years
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,clinton foundation raised $30 million help haiti catastrophic earthquake terrible problems people
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,weve done things help small businesses agriculture much else
clinton," Well, very quickly, we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90%, 90%, of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country. Im very proud of that. We have the highest rating from the watchdogs that follow foundations. And I would be happy to compare what we do with the Trump Foundation which took money from other people and bought a six-foot portrait of Donald. I mean, who does that? I mean, it just was astonishing. But when it comes to Haiti, Haiti is the poorest country in our hemisphere. The earthquake and the hurricanes, it has devastated Haiti. Bill and I have been involved in trying to help Haiti for many years. The Clinton Foundation raised $30 million to help Haiti after the catastrophic earthquake and all of the terrible problems the people there had. We've done things to help small businesses, agriculture, and so much else. And we're going to keep working to help Haiti because it is an important part of the American experience.",1,going keep working help haiti important part american experience
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,want help anymore
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,id like mention one thing
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,trump foundation small foundation
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,people contribute
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,contribute
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,money goes 100% 100% goes different charities including lot military
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,dont anything
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,buy boats
trump," I don't want you to help them anymore. I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute. I contribute. The money goes, 100%, 100% goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I dont get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. ",0,buy planes
trump," No, we put up the American flag and that's it. They put up the American flag. We fought for the right in Palm Beach to put up the American flag. ",0,put american flag
trump," No, we put up the American flag and that's it. They put up the American flag. We fought for the right in Palm Beach to put up the American flag. ",0,put american flag
trump," No, we put up the American flag and that's it. They put up the American flag. We fought for the right in Palm Beach to put up the American flag. ",0,fought right palm beach put american flag
trump," There was, there was and by the way, the money went to fisher house where they build houses, the money that you're talking about went to fisher house where they build houses for veterans and disabled veterans.",0,way money went fisher house build houses money youre talking went fisher house build houses veterans disabled veterans
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,course theres way know whether true hasnt released tax returns
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,hes first candidate ever run president last 40 plus years released tax returns
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,everything says charity anything else cant prove
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,look tax returns
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,weve got
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,really troubling learned last debate paid penny federal income tax
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,talking immigrants minutes ago chris
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,half undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,undocumented immigrants america paying federal income tax billionaire
clinton," Of course, there's no way we can know whether any of that is true because he hasn't released his tax returns. He's the first candidate ever to run for president in the last 40-plus years who has not released his tax returns. So everything he says about charity or anything else, we can't prove it. You can look at our tax returns. Weve got them all out there. What is really troubling is that we learned in the last debate he has not paid a penny in federal income tax. And we were talking about immigrants a few minutes ago, Chris. Half of all undocumented immigrants actually pay federal income tax. So we have undocumented immigrants in America who are paying more federal income tax than a billionaire. I find that just astonishing. ",1,find astonishing
trump," We're entitled because of the laws that people like her pass to take massive amounts of depreciation on other charges and we do it. And all of her donors, just about all of them. I know Buffett took hundreds of millions of dollars. Soros, George Soros took hundreds of millions of dollars.",0,entitled laws people like pass take massive amounts depreciation charges
trump," We're entitled because of the laws that people like her pass to take massive amounts of depreciation on other charges and we do it. And all of her donors, just about all of them. I know Buffett took hundreds of millions of dollars. Soros, George Soros took hundreds of millions of dollars.",0,donors
trump," We're entitled because of the laws that people like her pass to take massive amounts of depreciation on other charges and we do it. And all of her donors, just about all of them. I know Buffett took hundreds of millions of dollars. Soros, George Soros took hundreds of millions of dollars.",0,know buffett took hundreds millions dollars
trump," We're entitled because of the laws that people like her pass to take massive amounts of depreciation on other charges and we do it. And all of her donors, just about all of them. I know Buffett took hundreds of millions of dollars. Soros, George Soros took hundreds of millions of dollars.",0,soros george soros took hundreds millions dollars
trump, --Let me just explain. All of her donors. Most of her donors -- ,0,let explain
trump, --Let me just explain. All of her donors. Most of her donors -- ,0,donors
trump, --Let me just explain. All of her donors. Most of her donors -- ,0,donors
trump," Have done the same thing as I did. And you know what she should have done? You know Hillary, what you should have done? You should have changed the law when you were a United States senator if you don't like it --",0,done thing
trump," Have done the same thing as I did. And you know what she should have done? You know Hillary, what you should have done? You should have changed the law when you were a United States senator if you don't like it --",0,know done
trump," Have done the same thing as I did. And you know what she should have done? You know Hillary, what you should have done? You should have changed the law when you were a United States senator if you don't like it --",0,know hillary done
trump," Have done the same thing as I did. And you know what she should have done? You know Hillary, what you should have done? You should have changed the law when you were a United States senator if you don't like it --",0,changed law united states senator like
trump," -- because your donors and special interests are doing the same thing as I do except even more so. You should have changed the law, but you won't change the law because you take in so much money. I sat in my apartment today on a very beautiful hotel down the street. ",0,donors special interests thing except even
trump," -- because your donors and special interests are doing the same thing as I do except even more so. You should have changed the law, but you won't change the law because you take in so much money. I sat in my apartment today on a very beautiful hotel down the street. ",0,changed law wont change law take much money
trump," -- because your donors and special interests are doing the same thing as I do except even more so. You should have changed the law, but you won't change the law because you take in so much money. I sat in my apartment today on a very beautiful hotel down the street. ",0,sat apartment today beautiful hotel street
clinton, Made with Chinese steel.,1,made chinese steel
trump," I will tell you I sat there. I sat there watching ad after ad after ad, all false ads, all paid for by your friends on Wall Street that gave so much money because they know you're going to protect them. And frankly, you should have changed the laws. If you don't like what I did, you should have changed the laws.",0,tell sat
trump," I will tell you I sat there. I sat there watching ad after ad after ad, all false ads, all paid for by your friends on Wall Street that gave so much money because they know you're going to protect them. And frankly, you should have changed the laws. If you don't like what I did, you should have changed the laws.",0,sat watching ad ad ad false ads paid friends wall street gave much money know youre going protect
trump," I will tell you I sat there. I sat there watching ad after ad after ad, all false ads, all paid for by your friends on Wall Street that gave so much money because they know you're going to protect them. And frankly, you should have changed the laws. If you don't like what I did, you should have changed the laws.",0,frankly changed laws
trump," I will tell you I sat there. I sat there watching ad after ad after ad, all false ads, all paid for by your friends on Wall Street that gave so much money because they know you're going to protect them. And frankly, you should have changed the laws. If you don't like what I did, you should have changed the laws.",0,like changed laws
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,look time
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,im looking anything ill look time
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,ive seen ive seen bad
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,first media dishonest corrupt pile amazing
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,new york times actually wrote article even care
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,dishonest poisoned minds voters
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,unfortunately think voters seeing
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,think theyre going see well find november 8th think theyre going see
trump," I will look at it at the time. Im not looking at anything now, I'll look at it at the time. What I've seen, what Ive seen, is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt and the pile on is so amazing. ""The New York Times"" actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It is so dishonest, and they have poisoned the minds of the voters. But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think theyre going to see through it, well find out on November 8th, but I think theyre going to see through it. If you look -- ",0,look
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,excuse chris
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,look voter rolls see millions people registered vote
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,millions
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,isnt coming
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,coming pew report places
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,millions people registered vote shouldnt registered vote
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,let give one thing
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,talk corrupt media
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,talk millions people
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,ill tell one thing
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,shouldnt allowed run
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,its shes guilty serious crime
trump," Excuse me, Chris. If you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote. Millions. This isn't coming from me. This is coming from Pew report and other places. Millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote. So let me just give you one other thing. I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people. I'll tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. Its -- She's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run, and just in that respect I say it's rigged because she should never -- ",0,allowed run respect say rigged never
trump, Chris. She should never have been allowed to run for the presidency based on what she did with e-mails and so many other things.,0,chris
trump, Chris. She should never have been allowed to run for the presidency based on what she did with e-mails and so many other things.,0,never allowed run presidency based e mails many things
trump," What Im saying is that I will tell you at the time. I'll keep you in suspense, okay?",0,im saying tell time
trump," What Im saying is that I will tell you at the time. I'll keep you in suspense, okay?",0,ill keep suspense okay
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,well chris let respond thats horrifying
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,know every time donald thinks things arent going direction claims whatever rigged
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,fbi conducted yearlong investigation e mails
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,concluded case
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,said fbi rigged
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,lost iowa caucus lost wisconsin primary said republican primary rigged
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,trump university gets sued fraud racketeering
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,claims court system federal judge rigged
clinton," Well Chris, let me respond to that because thats horrifying. You know, every time Donald thinks things aren't going in his direction, he claims whatever it is, is rigged against him. The FBI conducted a yearlong investigation into my e-mails. They concluded there was no case. He said the FBI was rigged. He lost the Iowa caucus, he lost the Wisconsin primary, he said the Republican primary was rigged against him. Then, Trump University gets sued for fraud and racketeering. He claims the court system and the federal judge is rigged against him. There was even a time when he didn't get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged against him. ",1,even time didnt emmy tv program three years row started tweeting emmys rigged
trump, Should have gotten it.,0,gotten
trump,(Laughter),0,laughter
clinton," This is a mind-set. This is how Donald thinks, and it's funny, but it's also really troubling. That is not the way our democracy works. We've been around for 240 years. We've had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election. You know, President Obama said the other day when you're whining before the game is even finished-- ",1,mind set
clinton," This is a mind-set. This is how Donald thinks, and it's funny, but it's also really troubling. That is not the way our democracy works. We've been around for 240 years. We've had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election. You know, President Obama said the other day when you're whining before the game is even finished-- ",1,donald thinks funny also really troubling
clinton," This is a mind-set. This is how Donald thinks, and it's funny, but it's also really troubling. That is not the way our democracy works. We've been around for 240 years. We've had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election. You know, President Obama said the other day when you're whining before the game is even finished-- ",1,way democracy works
clinton," This is a mind-set. This is how Donald thinks, and it's funny, but it's also really troubling. That is not the way our democracy works. We've been around for 240 years. We've had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election. You know, President Obama said the other day when you're whining before the game is even finished-- ",1,weve around 240 years
clinton," This is a mind-set. This is how Donald thinks, and it's funny, but it's also really troubling. That is not the way our democracy works. We've been around for 240 years. We've had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election. You know, President Obama said the other day when you're whining before the game is even finished-- ",1,weve free fair elections
clinton," This is a mind-set. This is how Donald thinks, and it's funny, but it's also really troubling. That is not the way our democracy works. We've been around for 240 years. We've had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election. You know, President Obama said the other day when you're whining before the game is even finished-- ",1,weve accepted outcomes may liked must expected anyone standing debate stage general election
clinton," This is a mind-set. This is how Donald thinks, and it's funny, but it's also really troubling. That is not the way our democracy works. We've been around for 240 years. We've had free and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a debate stage during a general election. You know, President Obama said the other day when you're whining before the game is even finished-- ",1,know president obama said day youre whining game even finished
clinton,"-- It just shows you're not up to doing the job. And let's be clear about what he's saying and what that means. He's denigrating, he is talking down our democracy. And I, for one, am appalled that somebody who is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind of position. ",1,shows youre job
clinton,"-- It just shows you're not up to doing the job. And let's be clear about what he's saying and what that means. He's denigrating, he is talking down our democracy. And I, for one, am appalled that somebody who is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind of position. ",1,lets clear hes saying means
clinton,"-- It just shows you're not up to doing the job. And let's be clear about what he's saying and what that means. He's denigrating, he is talking down our democracy. And I, for one, am appalled that somebody who is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind of position. ",1,hes denigrating talking democracy
clinton,"-- It just shows you're not up to doing the job. And let's be clear about what he's saying and what that means. He's denigrating, he is talking down our democracy. And I, for one, am appalled that somebody who is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind of position. ",1,one appalled somebody nominee one two major parties would take kind position
trump," I think what the FBI did and what the Department of Justice did, including meeting with her husband, the Attorney General, in the back of an airplane on the tarmac in Arizona, I think it's disgraceful. I think it's a disgrace. ",0,think fbi department justice including meeting husband attorney general back airplane tarmac arizona think disgraceful
trump," I think what the FBI did and what the Department of Justice did, including meeting with her husband, the Attorney General, in the back of an airplane on the tarmac in Arizona, I think it's disgraceful. I think it's a disgrace. ",0,think disgrace
trump, I think we've never had a situation so bad ,0,think weve never situation bad
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,well encouraged effort led iraqi army supported kurdish forces also given help advice number special forces americans ground support putting american soldiers iraq occupying force
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,think interest think would smart
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,fact chris think would big red flag waving isis reconstitute
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,goal take back mosul
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,going hard fight
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,ive got illusions
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,continue press syria begin take back move raqqa isis headquarters
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,hopeful hard work american military advisers done pay see really successful military operation
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,know weve got lots work
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,syria remain hotbed terrorism long civil war aided abetted iranians russians continue said look need keep eye isis
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,want intelligence surge protects home go air ground online make sure home let terrorists buy weapons
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,youre dangerous fly youre dangerous buy gun
clinton," Well, I am encouraged there is an effort led by the Iraqi Army, supported by Kurdish forces and also given the help and advice from the number of special forces and other Americans on the ground, but I will not support putting American soldiers into Iraq as an occupying force. I don't think that is in our interest, and I don't think that would be smart to do. In fact, Chris, I think that would be a big red flag waving for ISIS to reconstitute itself. The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa, which is the ISIS headquarters. I am hopeful that the hard work that American military advisers have done will pay off and that we will see a really successful military operation. But we know we've got lots of work to do. Syria will remain a hotbed of terrorism as long as the civil war aided and abetted by the Iranians and the Russians continue, so I have said, look, we need to keep our eye on ISIS. That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protects us here at home, why we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online, why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun. And I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria, not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to frankly gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.",1,going continue push fly zone safe havens within syria help protect syrians prevent constant outflow refugees frankly gain leverage syrian government russians perhaps kind serious negotiation necessary bring conflict end go forward political track
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,let tell mosul sad
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,mosul
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,left took everybody lost mosul
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,fighting mosul
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,problem mosul wanted wanted leaders isis felt mosul
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,three months ago started reading want leaders theyre going attack mosul
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,whatever happened element surprise okay
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,announce going mosul
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,ive reading going mosul long hillary three months
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,people left
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,theyve left
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,element surprise
trump," Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul. About three months ago, I started reading they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, okay? We announce we're going after Mosul. I've been reading about going after Mosul now for about how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left. The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves at the stupidity of our country. ",0,douglas macarthur george patton spinning graves stupidity country
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,were fighting mosul
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,stay were going
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,know big winner mosul going eventually reason shes running office president want look tough
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,want look good
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,violated red line sand made many mistakes
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,made mistakes
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,great migration wanted look good election
trump,"So were now fighting for Mosul. That we had. All she had to do was stay there, now were going in to get it. But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it -- and the only reason they did it is because she's running for office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes. He made all mistakes. That's why we have the great Migration, but she wanted to look good for the election. So theyre going in.",0,theyre going
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,going mosul really
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,well take mosul eventually
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,way look whats happening much tougher thought
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,much much tougher
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,much dangerous going deaths thought
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,leaders wanted gone theyre smart
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,say need
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,mosul going wonderful thing iran write letter thank
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,like really stupid stupidest deal time deal going give iran absolutely nuclear weapons
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,iran write yet another letter saying thank much iran said many years ago iran taking iraq
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,something theyve wanted forever weve made easy
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,going take mosul know going beneficiary
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,iran
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,boy making outsmarting look youre
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,might involved decision took everybody mosul iraq
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,shouldnt iraq vote
trump,"But who is going to get Mosul really? We'll take Mosul eventually. By the way, if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous, going to be more deaths than they thought. But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say what do we need this for. So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing, and Iran should write us a letter of thank you. Just like the really stupid, the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them. So we're now going to take Mosul and you know who is going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Boy are they making, they are outsmarting Look you're not there. You might be involved in that decision, but you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way -- the point is the big winner is going to be Iran.",0,shouldnt iraq iraq never left way point big winner going iran
clinton," Well, you know, once again Donald is implying that he didn't support the invasion of Iraq. I said it was a mistake. I said that years ago. He has consistently denied what is -- ",1,well know donald implying didnt support invasion iraq
clinton," Well, you know, once again Donald is implying that he didn't support the invasion of Iraq. I said it was a mistake. I said that years ago. He has consistently denied what is -- ",1,said mistake
clinton," Well, you know, once again Donald is implying that he didn't support the invasion of Iraq. I said it was a mistake. I said that years ago. He has consistently denied what is -- ",1,said years ago
clinton," Well, you know, once again Donald is implying that he didn't support the invasion of Iraq. I said it was a mistake. I said that years ago. He has consistently denied what is -- ",1,consistently denied
trump, Wrong. ,0,wrong
clinton, -- is a very clear fact that before the invasion,1,clear fact invasion
trump, Wrong.,0,wrong
clinton, -- he supported it. I just want everybody to go google it. Google Donald Trump Iraq and you'll see the dozens of sources which verify that he was for the invasion of Iraq. ,1,supported
clinton, -- he supported it. I just want everybody to go google it. Google Donald Trump Iraq and you'll see the dozens of sources which verify that he was for the invasion of Iraq. ,1,want everybody go google
clinton, -- he supported it. I just want everybody to go google it. Google Donald Trump Iraq and you'll see the dozens of sources which verify that he was for the invasion of Iraq. ,1,google donald trump iraq youll see dozens sources verify invasion iraq
trump, Wrong.,0,wrong
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,hear audio saying
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,matter
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,well matters told truth position
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,guess believes makes look better contrast vote
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,whats really important understand interplay
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,mosul sunni city
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,mosul border syria yes need go baghdadi like went bin laden celebrity apprentice brought justice
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,need go leadership need rid rid fighters
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,several thousand fighters mosul
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,theyve digging underground
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,theyve prepared defend
clinton," And you can hear the audio of him saying that. Why does that matter? Well, it matters because he has not told the truth about that position. I guess he believes it makes him look better to contrast with me because I did vote for it. But what's really important here is to understand all the interplay. Mosul is a Sunni city. Mosul is on the border of Syria, and yes, we do need to go after Baghdadi, just like we went after Bin Laden while you were doing ""Celebrity apprentice"" and we brought him to justice. We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid of them, get rid of their fighters. There are several thousand fighters in Mosul. Theyve been digging underground. Theyve been prepared to defend. It's going to be tough fighting, but I think we can take back Mosul and then we can move on into Syria and take back Raqqa.",1,going tough fighting think take back mosul move syria take back raqqa
clinton,"This is what we have to do. I'm just am amazed that he seems to think the Iraqi government and our allies and everybody else launched the attack on Mosul to help me in this election, but thats how Donald thinks, you know, he always is looking for some conspiracy--",1,amazed seems think iraqi government allies everybody else launched attack mosul help election thats donald thinks know always looking conspiracy
trump, We don't gain anything. Iran is taking over -- ,0,gain anything
trump, We don't gain anything. Iran is taking over -- ,0,iran taking
trump, Iran is taking over Iraq. ,0,iran taking iraq
clinton, --his conspiracy theories-,1,conspiracy theories
trump, We would have gained --,0,would gained
clinton, For quite sometime -- ,1,quite sometime
clinton, Hes unfit. He proves it every time. ,1,hes unfit
clinton, Hes unfit. He proves it every time. ,1,proves every time
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,youre one unfit
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,know wikileaks actually came
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,john podesta said horrible things boy right
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,said beauties
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,know bernie sanders said bad judgment
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,think going mosul let world know going people really wanted leaders gone think good
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,john podesta said terrible instincts
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,bernie sanders said bad judgment
trump," No, you're the one that's unfit. You know, Wikileaks just actually came out. John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and boy was he right. He said some beauties. And you know Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do. And if you think going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in and all of the people we really wanted, the leaders are all gone, if you think that was good, then you do. Now John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both. ",0,agree
clinton, Well you should ask Bernie Sanders who he is supporting for President. ,1,well ask bernie sanders supporting president
trump, Which is a big mistake,0,big mistake
clinton, And he said you are the most dangerous person to run for president in the modern history of America. I think he's right.,1,said dangerous person run president modern history america
clinton, And he said you are the most dangerous person to run for president in the modern history of America. I think he's right.,1,think hes right
trump, It's a catastrophe. ,0,catastrophe
trump, Its a mess. Have you seen it? Have you seen it? Have you seen whats happened to Aleppo?,0,its mess
trump, Its a mess. Have you seen it? Have you seen it? Have you seen whats happened to Aleppo?,0,seen
trump, Its a mess. Have you seen it? Have you seen it? Have you seen whats happened to Aleppo?,0,seen
trump, Its a mess. Have you seen it? Have you seen it? Have you seen whats happened to Aleppo?,0,seen whats happened aleppo
trump," Okay, so it hasnt fallen.Take a look at it.",0,okay hasnt fallentake look
trump, Thats right. And they are being slaughtered because of bad decisions. ,0,thats right
trump, Thats right. And they are being slaughtered because of bad decisions. ,0,slaughtered bad decisions
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,well aleppo disaster
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,its humanitarian nightmare fallen standpoint
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,need signed document
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,take look aleppo
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,sad see whats happened
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,lot hillary clinton
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,whats happened fighting assad turned lot tougher thought shes going say oh loves assad
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,hes much tougher much smarter obama
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,everyone thought gone two years ago three years ago
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,aligned russia
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,also aligned iran made powerful
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,gave $150 billion back
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,gave $17 billion cash
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,mean cash bundles cash big stage
trump," Well Aleppo is a disaster. Its a humanitarian nightmare, but it has fallen from any standpoint. What do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened. And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton. Because what's happened is by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought -- now she's going to say oh he loves Assad. He's much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He aligned with Russia. He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash, bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.",0,gave $17 billion
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,lined aligned russia iran
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,want isis things backing backing rebels
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,know rebels
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,giving lots money lots everything
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,know rebels going happen russia iran
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,ever overthrow assad might end bad assad
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,hes bad guy
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,may well end worse assad
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,nothing would much better shape
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,whats caused great migration shes taking tens thousands syrian refugees probably many cases probably definitely many cases isis aligned
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,country
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,wait til see going great trojan horse
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,wait til see happens coming years
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,lots luck hillary
trump,"Now they have lined -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things because we're backing, we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are, and when and if -- and it's not going to happen because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with as bad as Assad is. And hes a bad guy. But you may very well end up with worse than Assad. If she did nothing, we would be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the Great Migration where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely in many cases, ISIS-aligned. And we now have them in our country. Wait til you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. Wait til you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.",0,thanks lot great job
clinton," Well Chris, first of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day.This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground. We've had millions of people leave Syria, and those millions of people inside Syria whove been dislocated. So I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS.",1,well chris first think fly zone could save lives hasten end conflict
clinton," Well Chris, first of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day.This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground. We've had millions of people leave Syria, and those millions of people inside Syria whove been dislocated. So I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS.",1,well aware really legitimate concerns expressed president general
clinton," Well Chris, first of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day.This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground. We've had millions of people leave Syria, and those millions of people inside Syria whove been dislocated. So I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS.",1,would done first daythis would take lot negotiation would also take making clear russians syrians purpose provide safe zones ground
clinton," Well Chris, first of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day.This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground. We've had millions of people leave Syria, and those millions of people inside Syria whove been dislocated. So I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS.",1,weve millions people leave syria millions people inside syria whove dislocated
clinton," Well Chris, first of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day.This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground. We've had millions of people leave Syria, and those millions of people inside Syria whove been dislocated. So I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS.",1,think could strike deal make clear russians syrians something believe best interests people ground syria
clinton," Well Chris, first of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day.This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground. We've had millions of people leave Syria, and those millions of people inside Syria whove been dislocated. So I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS.",1,would help fight isis
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,want respond donald said refugees made claims repeatedly
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,going let anyone country vetted confidence going slam door women children
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,picture little 4 year old boy aleppo blood coming face sat ambulance haunting going careful thorough vetting
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,solve internal challenges isis need stop radicalization work american muslim communities front lines identify prevent attacks
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,fact killer dozens people nightclub orlando pulse night club born queens place donald born
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,lets clear threat best going able meet
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,yes threat emanates syria iraq weve got keep fighting
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,defeat isis
clinton,"But I want to respond to what Donald said about refugees, made these claims repeatedly. I am not going to let anyone into this country who is not vetted, who we do not have confidence in, but I am not going to slam the door on women and children. That picture of that little 4-year-old boy in Aleppo with the blood coming down his face while he sat in an ambulance is haunting, and so we are going to do very careful, thorough vetting. That does not solve our internal challenges with ISIS and our need to stop radicalization to work with American Muslim communities who are on the front lines to identify and prevent attacks. In fact, the killer of the dozens of people at the nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse Night Club, was born in Queens, the same place Donald was born. So let's be clear about what the threat is and how we are best going to be able to meet it. Yes, some of that threat emanates from over in Syria and Iraq, and we've got to keep fighting. And I will defeat ISIS. And some of it is we have to up our game and be much smarter here at home.",1,game much smarter home
trump, But I just have too... Its so ridiculous what she she will defeat ISIS. We should never have let ISIS happen in the first place. And right now they are in 32 countries -- ,0,its ridiculous she defeat isis
trump, But I just have too... Its so ridiculous what she she will defeat ISIS. We should never have let ISIS happen in the first place. And right now they are in 32 countries -- ,0,never let isis happen first place
trump, But I just have too... Its so ridiculous what she she will defeat ISIS. We should never have let ISIS happen in the first place. And right now they are in 32 countries -- ,0,right 32 countries
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,wait one second
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,cease fire three weeks ago
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,ceasefire united states russia syria
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,cease fire russia took vast swathes land said want cease fire anymore
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,outplayed missiles ceasefires
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,outplayed
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,wasnt
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,assume nothing country outplayed putin assad way iran
trump," Wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A ceasefire: United States, Russia, Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swathes of land and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore. We are so outplayed on missiles, on ceasefires. They are outplayed. She wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it, but our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad and, by the way, and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is. ",0,nobody believe stupid leadership
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,well saw theyre wrong im going create tremendous jobs
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,bringing gdp really 1% got would less zero were bringing 1% 4% actually think go higher 4%
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,think go 5% 6%
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,dont bother asking question
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,tremendous machine
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,created tremendous economic machine
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,taking back jobs
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,going let companies raided countries lose jobs
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,make product anymore
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,sad going create a kind country standpoint industry
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,used
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,weve given
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,weve become sloppy
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,weve people political hacks making biggest deals world
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,bigger companies
trump," Well I saw they're wrong because Im going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from really 1%, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it would be less than zero, but were bringing it from 1% up to 4%, and I actually think we can go higher than 4%. I think you can go to 5% or 6%. And if we do, you dont have to bother asking your question. Because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs. We don't make our product anymore. It's very sad, but I am going to create a the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy. We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world. Bigger than companies. You take these big companies.",0,take big companies
trump,"These trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom backed Hillary, I must say, but we don't use those people. Those are the people...these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals. We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they made a campaign contribution, and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are, so we have to use our great people. But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades and people, Chris, will again go back to work, and they'll make a lot of money, and we'll have companies that will will grow and expand and start from new. ",0,trade deals far bigger companies yet use great leaders many back many backed hillary must say use people
trump,"These trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom backed Hillary, I must say, but we don't use those people. Those are the people...these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals. We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they made a campaign contribution, and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are, so we have to use our great people. But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades and people, Chris, will again go back to work, and they'll make a lot of money, and we'll have companies that will will grow and expand and start from new. ",0,peoplethese greatest negotiators world
trump,"These trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom backed Hillary, I must say, but we don't use those people. Those are the people...these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals. We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they made a campaign contribution, and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are, so we have to use our great people. But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades and people, Chris, will again go back to work, and they'll make a lot of money, and we'll have companies that will will grow and expand and start from new. ",0,greatest business people world
trump,"These trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom backed Hillary, I must say, but we don't use those people. Those are the people...these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals. We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they made a campaign contribution, and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are, so we have to use our great people. But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades and people, Chris, will again go back to work, and they'll make a lot of money, and we'll have companies that will will grow and expand and start from new. ",0,use negotiate trade deals
trump,"These trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom backed Hillary, I must say, but we don't use those people. Those are the people...these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals. We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they made a campaign contribution, and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are, so we have to use our great people. But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades and people, Chris, will again go back to work, and they'll make a lot of money, and we'll have companies that will will grow and expand and start from new. ",0,use political hacks
trump,"These trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom backed Hillary, I must say, but we don't use those people. Those are the people...these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals. We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they made a campaign contribution, and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are, so we have to use our great people. But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades and people, Chris, will again go back to work, and they'll make a lot of money, and we'll have companies that will will grow and expand and start from new. ",0,use people position made campaign contribution theyre dealing china people much smarter use great people
trump,"These trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom backed Hillary, I must say, but we don't use those people. Those are the people...these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest business people in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals. We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they made a campaign contribution, and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are, so we have to use our great people. But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades and people, Chris, will again go back to work, and they'll make a lot of money, and we'll have companies that will will grow and expand and start from new. ",0,said create economic machine likes havent seen many decades people chris go back work theyll make lot money well companies grow expand start new
clinton," Well, first when I hear Donald talk like that and know that his slogan is ""Make America Great Again."" I wonder when he thought America was great. And before he rushes and says, you know, before you and President Obama were there, I think it's important to recognize that he has been criticizing our government for decades. You know, back in 1987, he took out an $100,000 ad in the New York Times during the time when President Reagan was president and basically said exactly what he just said right now. That we were the laughing stock of the world. He was criticizing President Reagan. This is the way Donald thinks about himself, puts himself into, you know, the middle and says, you know, I alone can fix it, as he said on the convention stage. ",1,well first hear donald talk like know slogan make america great
clinton," Well, first when I hear Donald talk like that and know that his slogan is ""Make America Great Again."" I wonder when he thought America was great. And before he rushes and says, you know, before you and President Obama were there, I think it's important to recognize that he has been criticizing our government for decades. You know, back in 1987, he took out an $100,000 ad in the New York Times during the time when President Reagan was president and basically said exactly what he just said right now. That we were the laughing stock of the world. He was criticizing President Reagan. This is the way Donald thinks about himself, puts himself into, you know, the middle and says, you know, I alone can fix it, as he said on the convention stage. ",1,wonder thought america great
clinton," Well, first when I hear Donald talk like that and know that his slogan is ""Make America Great Again."" I wonder when he thought America was great. And before he rushes and says, you know, before you and President Obama were there, I think it's important to recognize that he has been criticizing our government for decades. You know, back in 1987, he took out an $100,000 ad in the New York Times during the time when President Reagan was president and basically said exactly what he just said right now. That we were the laughing stock of the world. He was criticizing President Reagan. This is the way Donald thinks about himself, puts himself into, you know, the middle and says, you know, I alone can fix it, as he said on the convention stage. ",1,rushes says know president obama think important recognize criticizing government decades
clinton," Well, first when I hear Donald talk like that and know that his slogan is ""Make America Great Again."" I wonder when he thought America was great. And before he rushes and says, you know, before you and President Obama were there, I think it's important to recognize that he has been criticizing our government for decades. You know, back in 1987, he took out an $100,000 ad in the New York Times during the time when President Reagan was president and basically said exactly what he just said right now. That we were the laughing stock of the world. He was criticizing President Reagan. This is the way Donald thinks about himself, puts himself into, you know, the middle and says, you know, I alone can fix it, as he said on the convention stage. ",1,know back 1987 took $100000 ad new york times time president reagan president basically said exactly said right
clinton," Well, first when I hear Donald talk like that and know that his slogan is ""Make America Great Again."" I wonder when he thought America was great. And before he rushes and says, you know, before you and President Obama were there, I think it's important to recognize that he has been criticizing our government for decades. You know, back in 1987, he took out an $100,000 ad in the New York Times during the time when President Reagan was president and basically said exactly what he just said right now. That we were the laughing stock of the world. He was criticizing President Reagan. This is the way Donald thinks about himself, puts himself into, you know, the middle and says, you know, I alone can fix it, as he said on the convention stage. ",1,laughing stock world
clinton," Well, first when I hear Donald talk like that and know that his slogan is ""Make America Great Again."" I wonder when he thought America was great. And before he rushes and says, you know, before you and President Obama were there, I think it's important to recognize that he has been criticizing our government for decades. You know, back in 1987, he took out an $100,000 ad in the New York Times during the time when President Reagan was president and basically said exactly what he just said right now. That we were the laughing stock of the world. He was criticizing President Reagan. This is the way Donald thinks about himself, puts himself into, you know, the middle and says, you know, I alone can fix it, as he said on the convention stage. ",1,criticizing president reagan
clinton," Well, first when I hear Donald talk like that and know that his slogan is ""Make America Great Again."" I wonder when he thought America was great. And before he rushes and says, you know, before you and President Obama were there, I think it's important to recognize that he has been criticizing our government for decades. You know, back in 1987, he took out an $100,000 ad in the New York Times during the time when President Reagan was president and basically said exactly what he just said right now. That we were the laughing stock of the world. He was criticizing President Reagan. This is the way Donald thinks about himself, puts himself into, you know, the middle and says, you know, I alone can fix it, as he said on the convention stage. ",1,way donald thinks puts know middle says know i alone fix it said convention stage
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,look debt issue asked chris pay everything proposing
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,add penny national debt
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,take seriously think one issues weve got come grips
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,talk going pay education going invest infrastructure going cost prescription drugs lot issues people talk time ive made clear going money
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,going ask wealthy corporations pay fair share
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,evidence whatsoever slow diminish growth
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,fact think opposite
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,well economists call middle outgrowth
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,weve got back rebuilding middle class
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,families america
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,growth come
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,want invest
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,want invest family
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,think smartest way grow economy make economy fairer
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,big disagreement
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,may experiences
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,know started dad millionaire
clinton,"But if you look at the debt, which is the issue you asked about, Chris, I pay for everything I'm proposing. I do not add a penny to the national debt. I take that very seriously because I do think it's one of the issues we've got to come to grips with. So when I talk about how we're going to pay for education, how we're going to invest in infrastructure, how we're going to get the cost of prescription drugs down, and a lot of the other issues that people talk to me about all the time, I've made it very clear, we are going where the money is. We are going to ask the wealthy and corporations to pay their fair share. And there is no evidence whatsoever that that will slow down or diminish our growth. In fact, I think just the opposite. We'll have what economists call middle outgrowth. We've got to get back to rebuilding the middle class. The families of America. That's where growth will come from. That's why I want to invest in you. I want to invest in your family. And I think that's the smartest way to grow the economy, to make the economy fairer. And we just have a big disagreement about this. It may be because of our experiences. You know he started off with his dad as a millionaire. I started off with my dad as a small businessman. ",1,started dad small businessman
trump," We've heard this before, Hillary. We've heard this before. ",0,weve heard hillary
trump," We've heard this before, Hillary. We've heard this before. ",0,weve heard
clinton, I think it's a difference that affects how we see the world and what we want to do with the economy. ,1,think difference affects see world want economy
trump," Thank you, Hillary. Could I just respond? ",0,thank hillary
trump," Thank you, Hillary. Could I just respond? ",0,could respond
trump, Because I disagreed with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right. And frankly now we're going to do it right.,0,disagreed ronald reagan strongly trade
trump, Because I disagreed with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right. And frankly now we're going to do it right.,0,disagreed
trump, Because I disagreed with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right. And frankly now we're going to do it right.,0,much tougher trade even
trump, Because I disagreed with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right. And frankly now we're going to do it right.,0,ive waiting years
trump, Because I disagreed with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right. And frankly now we're going to do it right.,0,nobody right
trump, Because I disagreed with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right. And frankly now we're going to do it right.,0,frankly going right
trump, I'm cutting taxes. We're going to grow the economy. It's going to grow in a record rate. ,0,cutting taxes
trump, I'm cutting taxes. We're going to grow the economy. It's going to grow in a record rate. ,0,going grow economy
trump, I'm cutting taxes. We're going to grow the economy. It's going to grow in a record rate. ,0,going grow record rate
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,going totally help
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,one thing repeal replace disaster known obamacare
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,destroying country
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,destroying businesses small business big businesses
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,repeal replace obamacare
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,take look kind numbers cost year 2017
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,disaster repeal replace
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,probably going die weight obamacare go
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,premiums going 60% 70% 80%
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,next year theyre going go 100%
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,im really glad premiums started least people see whats happening wants keep obamacare wants make even worse cant worse
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,bad health care expensive price
trump," It is going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do is repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare. You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year [2017]. It is a disaster if we don't repeal and replace. It is probably going to die of its own weight, but Obamacare has to go. The premiums are going up 60%, 70%, 80%. Next year, they're going to go up over 100%. And Im really glad that the premiums have started, at least the people see what's happening because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.",0,repeal replace obamacare
clinton," Well, Chris, I am record as saying we need to put more money into Social Security Trust fund. That's part of my commitment to raise taxes on the wealthy. My Social Security payroll contribution will go up as will Donald's assuming he can't figure out how to get out of it, but what we want to do is -- ",1,well chris record saying need put money social security trust fund
clinton," Well, Chris, I am record as saying we need to put more money into Social Security Trust fund. That's part of my commitment to raise taxes on the wealthy. My Social Security payroll contribution will go up as will Donald's assuming he can't figure out how to get out of it, but what we want to do is -- ",1,part commitment raise taxes wealthy
clinton," Well, Chris, I am record as saying we need to put more money into Social Security Trust fund. That's part of my commitment to raise taxes on the wealthy. My Social Security payroll contribution will go up as will Donald's assuming he can't figure out how to get out of it, but what we want to do is -- ",1,social security payroll contribution go donalds assuming cant figure want
trump, Such a nasty woman.,0,nasty woman
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,replenish trust fund making sure sufficient resources come either raising cap finding ways money
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,cut benefits
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,want enhance benefits low income workers women disadvantaged current social security system
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,donald proposing massive tax cuts result $20 trillion additional national debt
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,dire consequences social security medicare
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,ill say something affordable care act wants repeal
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,affordable care act extended solvency medicare trust fund
clinton," Replenish the trust fund by making sure that we have sufficient resources, and that will come from either raising the cap and/or finding other ways to get more money into it. I will not cut benefits. I want to enhance benefits for low-income workers and for women who have been disadvantaged by the current Social Security system. But what Donald is proposing with these massive tax cuts will result in a $20 trillion additional national debt. That will have dire consequences for Social Security and Medicare. And I'll say something about the Affordable Care Act, which he wants to repeal. The affordable care act extended the solvency of the medicare trust fund. If he repeals it, our Medicare problem gets worse. ",1,repeals medicare problem gets worse
trump, Your husband disagrees with you.,0,husband disagrees
clinton," Weve got to go after the long-term health care drivers. We've got to get costs down, increase value, emphasize wellness. I have a plan for doing that, and I think that we will be able to get entitlement spending under control but with more resources and smart decisions.",1,weve got go long term health care drivers
clinton," Weve got to go after the long-term health care drivers. We've got to get costs down, increase value, emphasize wellness. I have a plan for doing that, and I think that we will be able to get entitlement spending under control but with more resources and smart decisions.",1,weve got costs increase value emphasize wellness
clinton," Weve got to go after the long-term health care drivers. We've got to get costs down, increase value, emphasize wellness. I have a plan for doing that, and I think that we will be able to get entitlement spending under control but with more resources and smart decisions.",1,plan think able entitlement spending control resources smart decisions
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,well would like say everyone watching tonight reaching americans democrats republicans independents need everybody help make country grow economy make fairer make work everyone
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,need talents skills commitment energy ambition
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,know ive privileged see presidency close know awesome responsibility protecting country incredible opportunity working try make life better
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,made cause children families really lifes work
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,mission presidency
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,stand families powerful interests corporations
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,everything make sure good jobs rising incomes kids good educations preschool college
clinton," Well I would like to say to everyone watching tonight that I'm reaching out to all Americans, Democrats, Republicans and independents, because we need everybody to help make our country what it should be, to grow the economy, to make it fairer, to make it work for everyone. We need your talents, your skills, your commitment, your energy, your ambition. You know, I've been privileged to see the presidency up close, and I know the awesome responsibility of protecting our country and the incredible opportunity of working to try to make life better for all of you. I have made the cause of children and families really my life's work. That's what my mission will be in the presidency. I will stand up for families against powerful interests, against corporations. I will do everything that I can to make sure that you have good jobs with rising incomes, that your kids have good educations from preschool through college. I hope you will give me a chance to serve as your president. ",1,hope give chance serve president
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,shes raising money people wants control
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,doesnt work way
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,started campaign started strongly
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,called make america great
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,going make america great
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,depleted military
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,helped
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,fixed
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,greatest people earth military
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,take care veterans
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,take care illegal immigrants people come country illegally better take care vets
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,cant happen
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,policemen women disrespected
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,need law order need justice
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,inner cities disaster
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,shot walking store
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,education
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,jobs
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,african americans latinos ten lifetimes
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,shes done talk african americans latinos vote come back say well see four years going make america strong going make america great start
trump," She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way. But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again. We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helped. It has to be fixed. We have the greatest people on Earth in our military. We don't take care of our veterans. We take care of illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally better than we take care of our vets. That cant happen. Our policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos that she can do for ten lifetimes. All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote and then they come back, they say well see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again and we are going to make America great again and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.",0,cannot take four years barack obama
